realm=ui
sound/ui/item_scroll_sticker_01.wav=ui sticker item scroll
sound/ui/cs_info.wav=cs info
sound/ui/lobby_notification_kicked.wav=ui lobby kicked
sound/ui/ps3_menu.wav=ps menu
sound/ui/item_reveal4_mythical.wav=item reveal mythical
sound/ui/buttonrollover.wav=vgui button rollover
sound/ui/buttonclickrelease.wav=vgui button release
sound/ui/deathmatch_kill_bonus.wav=ui death match bonus kill
sound/ui/item_drop3_rare.wav=end match item reveal rarity rare
sound/ui/bonus_alert_end.wav=ui death match bonus alert end
sound/ui/weapon_cant_buy.wav=buymenu cant buy click
sound/ui/coin_pickup_01.wav=collectable coin collect
sound/ui/item_drop.wav=end match item reveal single
sound/ui/achievement_earned.wav=ui coin level up
sound/ui/item_drop4_mythical.wav=end match item reveal rarity mythical
sound/ui/counter_beep.wav=ui counter beep
sound/ui/arm_bomb.wav=c explode warning
sound/ui/csgo_ui_store_rollover.wav=csgo ui store rollover
sound/ui/menu_focus.wav=menu focus
sound/ui/now-playing-as-counter-terrorist.wav=player playing as counter terrorist
sound/ui/ui_book_open.wav=ui book open
sound/ui/xp_remaining.wav=ui xp remaining
sound/ui/lobby_notification_matchready.wav=lobby notification matchready
sound/ui/sticker_apply.wav=ui sticker apply
sound/ui/ui_book_page_fwd.wav=ui book page fwd
sound/ui/ui_book_page_bwd.wav=ui book page bwd
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type10.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type9.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type8.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/bonus_alert_start.wav=ui death match bonus alert start
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type7.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/csgo_ui_button_rollover_large.wav=ui button rollover large
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type6.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type5.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type4.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type3.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type2.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_type1.wav=ui contract type
sound/ui/csgo_ui_crate_item_scroll.wav=ui crate item scroll
sound/ui/lobby_notification_joined.wav=ui lobby joined
sound/ui/beep07.wav=alert warmup timeout beep
sound/ui/sticker_scratch3.wav=ui sticker scratch
sound/ui/ui_book_close.wav=ui book close
sound/ui/item_showcase_sticker_01.wav=ui sticker display
sound/ui/csgo_ui_crate_open.wav=ui crate open
sound/ui/lobby_notification_chat.wav=ui lobby chat
sound/ui/item_drop6_ancient.wav=end match item reveal rarity ancient
sound/ui/item_drop_personal.wav=end match item reveal single local player
sound/ui/beepclear.wav=vote passed
sound/ui/xp_rankdown_02.wav=ui rank down
sound/ui/item_showcase_knife_01.wav=ui showcase knife
sound/ui/item_drop5_legendary.wav=end match item reveal rarity legendary
sound/ui/sticker_scratch1.wav=ui sticker scratch
sound/ui/xp_levelup.wav=ui xp level up
sound/ui/buttonclick.wav=vgui button click
sound/ui/armsrace_level_up.wav=ui arms race level up
sound/ui/csgo_ui_page_scroll.wav=ui page scroll
sound/ui/armsrace_demoted.wav=ui arms race demoted
sound/ui/item_drop2_uncommon.wav=end match item reveal rarity uncommon
sound/ui/sticker_scratch5.wav=ui sticker scratch
sound/ui/item_sticker_apply_confirm.wav=ui sticker apply confirm
sound/ui/csgo_ui_crate_display.wav=ui crate display
sound/ui/valve_logo_music.mp3=valve logo music
sound/ui/item_drop1_common.wav=end match item reveal rarity common
sound/ui/deathcam_review_start.wav=deathcam review start
sound/ui/sticker_scratch2.wav=ui sticker scratch
sound/ui/sticker_scratch4.wav=ui sticker scratch
sound/ui/deathcam_review_end.wav=deathcam review end
sound/ui/competitive_accept_beep.wav=ui competitive accept
sound/ui/beep22.wav=ui guardian too far warning
sound/ui/item_reveal5_legendary.wav=item reveal legendary
sound/ui/lobby_notification_left.wav=ui lobby left
sound/ui/armsrace_become_leader_team.wav=ui arms race become team leader
sound/ui/now-playing-as-terrorist.wav=player playing as terrorist
sound/ui/store_item_purchased.wav=store item purchased
sound/ui/store_item_activated.wav=store item activated
sound/ui/menu_invalid.wav=vote cast no
sound/ui/xp_milestone_01.wav=ui xp milestone
sound/ui/item_inspect_01.wav=ui item inspect
sound/ui/xp_milestone_05.wav=ui xp milestone
sound/ui/xp_milestone_02.wav=ui xp milestone
sound/ui/xp_milestone_03.wav=ui xp milestone
sound/ui/xp_milestone_04.wav=ui xp milestone
sound/ui/item_reveal3_rare.wav=item reveal rare
sound/ui/item_reveal6_ancient.wav=item reveal ancient
sound/ui/menu_accept.wav=vote cast yes
sound/ui/armsrace_become_leader_match.wav=ui arms race become match leader
sound/ui/armsrace_kill_03.wav=ui arms race kill
sound/ui/armsrace_kill_01.wav=ui arms race kill
sound/ui/item_sticker_select.wav=ui sticker select
sound/ui/valve_logo_music.wav=valve logo music
sound/ui/armsrace_kill_02.wav=ui arms race kill
sound/ui/item_showcase_coin_02.wav=ui showcase coin
sound/ui/item_paper_pickup.wav=item paper pickup
sound/ui/deathnotice.wav=ui death notice
sound/ui/freeze_cam.wav=freeze cam
sound/ui/counter_beep_done.wav=ui counter done beep
sound/ui/csgo_ui_store_select.wav=csgo ui store select
sound/ui/csgo_ui_contract_seal.wav=ui contract seal
sound/ui/mm_success_lets_roll.wav=mm success lets roll
sound/ui/menu_back.wav=menu back
realm=anarchist
sound/player/vo/anarchist/threeenemiesleft02.wav=anarchist three enemies left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_grenade03.wav=anarchist t grenade
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot01.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/agree01.wav=anarchist agree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/thanks03.wav=anarchist thanks
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag05.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag01.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag10.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag11.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag14.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag09.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag08.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag04.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag13.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag07.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag03.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag12.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag06.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag02.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onarollbrag15.wav=anarchist ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/help06.wav=anarchist help
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotfallback01.wav=anarchist radio bot fall back
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotfallback02.wav=anarchist radio bot fall back
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotfallback04.wav=anarchist radio bot fall back
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onmyway03.wav=anarchist on my way
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onmyway02.wav=anarchist on my way
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onmyway04.wav=anarchist on my way
sound/player/vo/anarchist/onmyway01.wav=anarchist on my way
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostageescapezone03.wav=anarchist guarding hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostageescapezone01.wav=anarchist guarding hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostageescapezone04.wav=anarchist guarding hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostageescapezone02.wav=anarchist guarding hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/anarchist/negativeno04.wav=anarchist negative no
sound/player/vo/anarchist/incombat04.wav=anarchist in combat
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagesbeingtaken02.wav=anarchist hostages being taken
sound/player/vo/anarchist/incombat02.wav=anarchist in combat
sound/player/vo/anarchist/incombat05.wav=anarchist in combat
sound/player/vo/anarchist/incombat03.wav=anarchist in combat
sound/player/vo/anarchist/incombat06.wav=anarchist in combat
sound/player/vo/anarchist/incombat07.wav=anarchist in combat
sound/player/vo/anarchist/incombat01.wav=anarchist in combat
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_followme03.wav=anarchist radio follow me
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_followme01.wav=anarchist radio follow me
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_followme02.wav=anarchist radio follow me
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_followme05.wav=anarchist radio follow me
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_followme04.wav=anarchist radio follow me
sound/player/vo/anarchist/goingtoguardhostageescapezone02.wav=anarchist going to guard hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/anarchist/goingtoguardhostageescapezone03.wav=anarchist going to guard hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_locknload08.wav=anarchist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_molotov05.wav=anarchist t molotov
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_molotov03.wav=anarchist t molotov
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_molotov04.wav=anarchist t molotov
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_molotov02.wav=anarchist t molotov
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_molotov01.wav=anarchist t molotov
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_molotov07.wav=anarchist t molotov
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_molotov08.wav=anarchist t molotov
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_molotov06.wav=anarchist t molotov
sound/player/vo/anarchist/clearedarea01.wav=anarchist cleared area
sound/player/vo/anarchist/clearedarea05.wav=anarchist cleared area
sound/player/vo/anarchist/clearedarea04.wav=anarchist cleared area
sound/player/vo/anarchist/clearedarea03.wav=anarchist cleared area
sound/player/vo/anarchist/clearedarea02.wav=anarchist cleared area
sound/player/vo/anarchist/twoenemiesleft05.wav=anarchist two enemies left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/twoenemiesleft01.wav=anarchist two enemies left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/twoenemiesleft04.wav=anarchist two enemies left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/twoenemiesleft02.wav=anarchist two enemies left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/twoenemiesleft03.wav=anarchist two enemies left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/sniperwarning01.wav=anarchist sniper warning
sound/player/vo/anarchist/sniperwarning02.wav=anarchist sniper warning
sound/player/vo/anarchist/sniperwarning03.wav=anarchist sniper warning
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostages04.wav=anarchist guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostages05.wav=anarchist guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostages02.wav=anarchist guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostages01.wav=anarchist guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostages03.wav=anarchist guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendsolid02.wav=anarchist radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendsolid03.wav=anarchist radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendsolid05.wav=anarchist radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendsolid04.wav=anarchist radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendsolid01.wav=anarchist radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendsolid06.wav=anarchist radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown06.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown09.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown10.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown11.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown07.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown01.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown08.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown04.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown12.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown02.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown05.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/enemydown03.wav=anarchist enemy down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_locknload04.wav=anarchist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_locknload03.wav=anarchist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_locknload05.wav=anarchist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/anarchist/goingtoguardhostageescapezone01.wav=anarchist going to guard hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_locknload06.wav=anarchist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_locknload09.wav=anarchist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_locknload02.wav=anarchist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_locknload07.wav=anarchist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_locknload01.wav=anarchist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/anarchist/heardnoise01.wav=anarchist heard noise
sound/player/vo/anarchist/heardnoise03.wav=anarchist heard noise
sound/player/vo/anarchist/heardnoise02.wav=anarchist heard noise
sound/player/vo/anarchist/negative03.wav=anarchist negative
sound/player/vo/anarchist/negative02.wav=anarchist negative
sound/player/vo/anarchist/negative04.wav=anarchist negative
sound/player/vo/anarchist/negative01.wav=anarchist negative
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_takingfire07.wav=anarchist radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_takingfire06.wav=anarchist radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_takingfire05.wav=anarchist radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_takingfire04.wav=anarchist radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_takingfire01.wav=anarchist radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_takingfire09.wav=anarchist radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_takingfire08.wav=anarchist radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_takingfire03.wav=anarchist radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_takingfire02.wav=anarchist radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/preventescapebrag01.wav=anarchist prevent escape brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/agree07.wav=anarchist agree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/agree08.wav=anarchist agree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lastmanstanding05.wav=anarchist last man standing
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lastmanstanding03.wav=anarchist last man standing
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lastmanstanding01.wav=anarchist last man standing
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lastmanstanding04.wav=anarchist last man standing
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lastmanstanding02.wav=anarchist last man standing
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lastmanstanding07.wav=anarchist last man standing
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lastmanstanding06.wav=anarchist last man standing
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotregroup01.wav=anarchist radio bot regroup
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagesbeingtaken01.wav=anarchist hostages being taken
sound/player/vo/anarchist/coveringfriend03.wav=anarchist covering friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagesbeingtaken03.wav=anarchist hostages being taken
sound/player/vo/anarchist/peptalk01.wav=anarchist pep talk
sound/player/vo/anarchist/peptalk06.wav=anarchist pep talk
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_flashbang03.wav=anarchist t flashbang
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_flashbang01.wav=anarchist t flashbang
sound/player/vo/anarchist/help05.wav=anarchist help
sound/player/vo/anarchist/help03.wav=anarchist help
sound/player/vo/anarchist/help02.wav=anarchist help
sound/player/vo/anarchist/help04.wav=anarchist help
sound/player/vo/anarchist/blinded04.wav=anarchist blinded
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_decoy01.wav=anarchist t decoy
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_decoy03.wav=anarchist t decoy
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_decoy02.wav=anarchist t decoy
sound/player/vo/anarchist/requestreport02.wav=anarchist request report
sound/player/vo/anarchist/requestreport01.wav=anarchist request report
sound/player/vo/anarchist/requestreport04.wav=anarchist request report
sound/player/vo/anarchist/blinded03.wav=anarchist blinded
sound/player/vo/anarchist/blinded06.wav=anarchist blinded
sound/player/vo/anarchist/blinded01.wav=anarchist blinded
sound/player/vo/anarchist/help01.wav=anarchist help
sound/player/vo/anarchist/blinded02.wav=anarchist blinded
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagestaken01.wav=anarchist hostages taken
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagestaken02.wav=anarchist hostages taken
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagestaken04.wav=anarchist hostages taken
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagestaken03.wav=anarchist hostages taken
sound/player/vo/anarchist/threeenemiesleft05.wav=anarchist three enemies left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/threeenemiesleft01.wav=anarchist three enemies left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=anarchist radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_enemyspotted06.wav=anarchist radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendclean05.wav=anarchist radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_enemyspotted07.wav=anarchist radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=anarchist radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_enemyspotted04.wav=anarchist radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_enemyspotted01.wav=anarchist radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/anarchist/preventescapebrag04.wav=anarchist prevent escape brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/preventescapebrag05.wav=anarchist prevent escape brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/preventescapebrag02.wav=anarchist prevent escape brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/preventescapebrag03.wav=anarchist prevent escape brag
sound/player/vo/anarchist/coverme02.wav=anarchist cover me
sound/player/vo/anarchist/coverme03.wav=anarchist cover me
sound/player/vo/anarchist/coverme01.wav=anarchist cover me
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotregroup03.wav=anarchist radio bot regroup
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotregroup02.wav=anarchist radio bot regroup
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot11.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot07.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_flashbang02.wav=anarchist t flashbang
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot09.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot04.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot10.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_letsgo02.wav=anarchist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagedown02.wav=anarchist hostage down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagedown04.wav=anarchist hostage down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagedown03.wav=anarchist hostage down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagedown01.wav=anarchist hostage down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/goingtoguardhostages03.wav=anarchist going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote04.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote05.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote01.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote09.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote02.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote07.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/negativeno05.wav=anarchist negative no
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote03.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote06.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote08.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/scaredemote10.wav=anarchist scared emote
sound/player/vo/anarchist/reportingin01.wav=anarchist reporting in
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_letsgo08.wav=anarchist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendclean07.wav=anarchist radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/anarchist/peptalk10.wav=anarchist pep talk
sound/player/vo/anarchist/affirmative03.wav=anarchist affirmative
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_death05.wav=anarchist t death
sound/player/vo/anarchist/hostagedown05.wav=anarchist hostage down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source51.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/reportingin03.wav=anarchist reporting in
sound/player/vo/anarchist/affirmative01.wav=anarchist blank
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_smoke03.wav=anarchist t smoke
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_smoke02.wav=anarchist t smoke
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_smoke01.wav=anarchist t smoke
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lostenemy02.wav=anarchist lost enemy
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lostenemy03.wav=anarchist lost enemy
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot12.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_letsgo01.wav=anarchist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_letsgo03.wav=anarchist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot06.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_letsgo07.wav=anarchist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_letsgo04.wav=anarchist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_letsgo10.wav=anarchist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_letsgo09.wav=anarchist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/anarchist/waitinghere03.wav=anarchist waiting here
sound/player/vo/anarchist/waitinghere01.wav=anarchist waiting here
sound/player/vo/anarchist/waitinghere04.wav=anarchist waiting here
sound/player/vo/anarchist/waitinghere02.wav=anarchist waiting here
sound/player/vo/anarchist/reportingin02.wav=anarchist reporting in
sound/player/vo/anarchist/lostenemy01.wav=anarchist lost enemy
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendclean03.wav=anarchist radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendclean06.wav=anarchist radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendclean02.wav=anarchist radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendclean08.wav=anarchist radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendclean04.wav=anarchist radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_letsgo06.wav=anarchist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendclean09.wav=anarchist radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobotendclean01.wav=anarchist radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_death01.wav=anarchist t death
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_death04.wav=anarchist t death
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_death03.wav=anarchist t death
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source55.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_death02.wav=anarchist t death
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot02.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/thanks01.wav=anarchist thanks
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot13.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot03.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot05.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot08.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/niceshot14.wav=anarchist nice shot
sound/player/vo/anarchist/thanks02.wav=anarchist thanks
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_needbackup02.wav=anarchist radio need backup
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_needbackup04.wav=anarchist radio need backup
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_needbackup03.wav=anarchist radio need backup
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radio_needbackup01.wav=anarchist radio need backup
sound/player/vo/anarchist/disagree02.wav=anarchist disagree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/disagree04.wav=anarchist disagree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/disagree05.wav=anarchist disagree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/disagree06.wav=anarchist disagree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/disagree01.wav=anarchist disagree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/disagree03.wav=anarchist disagree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/radiobothold04.wav=anarchist radio bot hold
sound/player/vo/anarchist/oneenemyleft10.wav=anarchist one enemy left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/sniperkilled03.wav=anarchist sniper killed
sound/player/vo/anarchist/oneenemyleft01.wav=anarchist one enemy left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/oneenemyleft02.wav=anarchist one enemy left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/oneenemyleft03.wav=anarchist one enemy left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/oneenemyleft07.wav=anarchist one enemy left
sound/player/vo/anarchist/coveringfriend02.wav=anarchist covering friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/coveringfriend01.wav=anarchist covering friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/coveringfriend04.wav=anarchist covering friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/killedfriend02.wav=anarchist killed friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/killedfriend06.wav=anarchist killed friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/killedfriend04.wav=anarchist killed friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/killedfriend01.wav=anarchist killed friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/killedfriend03.wav=anarchist killed friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/killedfriend05.wav=anarchist killed friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source08.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/clear01.wav=anarchist clear
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source82.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source65.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source78.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source09.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source50.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source84.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source20.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source45.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source77.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source47.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source66.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source19.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/requestreport03.wav=anarchist request report
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source25.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source27.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source46.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source61.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source95.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source63.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source97.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source14.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source07.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source48.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source26.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/pinneddown01.wav=anarchist pinned down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source43.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source62.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source96.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source88.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source15.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source57.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/goingtoguardhostages05.wav=anarchist going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source30.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source81.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source49.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source94.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source28.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source83.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source85.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source98.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/affirmative02.wav=anarchist affirmative
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source76.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source13.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source87.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source21.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source64.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source56.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source89.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source86.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source44.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source29.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/guardinghostageescapezone05.wav=anarchist guarding hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/anarchist/goingtoguardhostages01.wav=anarchist going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/goingtoguardhostages04.wav=anarchist going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/goingtoguardhostages02.wav=anarchist going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/goingtoguardhostages06.wav=anarchist going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_grenade01.wav=anarchist t grenade
sound/player/vo/anarchist/t_grenade02.wav=anarchist t grenade
sound/player/vo/anarchist/followingfriend05.wav=anarchist following friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/followingfriend04.wav=anarchist following friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/followingfriend07.wav=anarchist following friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/followingfriend03.wav=anarchist following friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/followingfriend06.wav=anarchist following friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/followingfriend01.wav=anarchist following friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/followingfriend02.wav=anarchist following friend
sound/player/vo/anarchist/tmap_cs_source93.wav=anarchist tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire04.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire10.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire14.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire01.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire11.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire06.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire09.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire02.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire16.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire12.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire05.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire07.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire13.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire08.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire15.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire17.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/friendlyfire03.wav=anarchist friendly fire
sound/player/vo/anarchist/sniperkilled01.wav=anarchist sniper killed
sound/player/vo/anarchist/sniperkilled02.wav=anarchist sniper killed
sound/player/vo/anarchist/inposition02.wav=anarchist in position
sound/player/vo/anarchist/inposition03.wav=anarchist in position
sound/player/vo/anarchist/inposition01.wav=anarchist in position
sound/player/vo/anarchist/pinneddown03.wav=anarchist pinned down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/pinneddown02.wav=anarchist pinned down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/pinneddown04.wav=anarchist pinned down
sound/player/vo/anarchist/agree03.wav=anarchist agree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/agree02.wav=anarchist agree
sound/player/vo/anarchist/agree05.wav=anarchist agree
realm=creatures
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_07.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_idle_01.wav=chicken idle
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_death_03.wav=chicken death
sound/ambient/creatures/flies3.wav=flies
sound/ambient/creatures/seagull_idle1.wav=seagull idle
sound/ambient/creatures/flies4.wav=flies
sound/ambient/creatures/flies2.wav=flies
sound/ambient/creatures/flies1.wav=flies
sound/ambient/creatures/flies5.wav=flies
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_01.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_02.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_03.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_06.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_09.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_04.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_05.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/pigeon_idle4.wav=pigeon idle
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_10.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/teddy.wav=teddy
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_close_03.wav=dog bark close
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_close_01.wav=dog bark close
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_close_06.wav=dog bark close
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_close_05.wav=dog bark close
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_close_04.wav=dog bark close
sound/ambient/creatures/rats4.wav=rats
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_idle_03.wav=chicken idle
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_idle_02.wav=chicken idle
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_close_07.wav=dog bark close
sound/ambient/creatures/seagull_idle3.wav=seagull idle
sound/ambient/creatures/rats3.wav=rats
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_close_02.wav=dog bark close
sound/ambient/creatures/rats2.wav=rats
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_panic_02.wav=chicken panic
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_panic_01.wav=chicken panic
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_panic_03.wav=chicken panic
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_panic_04.wav=chicken panic
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_fly_long.wav=chicken fly
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_death_01.wav=chicken death
sound/ambient/creatures/chicken_death_02.wav=chicken death
sound/ambient/creatures/dog_bark_distant_08.wav=dog bark distant
sound/ambient/creatures/seagull_idle2.wav=seagull idle
sound/ambient/creatures/pigeon_idle2.wav=pigeon idle
sound/ambient/creatures/rats1.wav=rats
sound/ambient/creatures/pigeon_idle3.wav=pigeon idle
sound/ambient/creatures/pigeon_idle1.wav=pigeon idle
realm=music
sound/music/revenge.wav=music gg revenge
sound/music/kitheory_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted kitheory
sound/music/robertallaire_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count robertallaire
sound/music/midnightriders_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage midnightriders
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue lenniemoore
sound/music/michaelbross_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam michaelbross
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection ianhultquist
sound/music/kitheory_01/wonround.mp3=music won round kitheory
sound/music/beartooth_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_02/lostround.mp3=music lost round beartooth
sound/music/awolnation_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection awolnation
sound/music/midnightriders_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time midnightriders
sound/music/roam_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time roam
sound/music/beartooth_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count beartooth
sound/music/austinwintory_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round austinwintory
sound/music/kellybailey_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem kellybailey
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count ianhultquist
sound/music/noisia_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection noisia
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted lenniemoore
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam lenniemoore
sound/music/skog_02/startaction_01.mp3=music start action skog
sound/music/skog_03/startaction_01.mp3=music start action skog
sound/music/skog_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action skog
sound/music/skog_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action skog
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time danielsadowski
sound/music/austinwintory_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam austinwintory
sound/music/deathcam_gg_03.wav=music gg death cam
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem twinatlantic
sound/music/deathcam_gg_02.wav=music gg death cam
sound/music/skog_03/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count skog
sound/music/skog_02/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count skog
sound/music/skog_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count skog
sound/music/blitzkids_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action blitzkids
sound/music/blitzkids_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action blitzkids
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam troelsfolmann
sound/music/blitzkids_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection blitzkids
sound/music/noisia_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam noisia
sound/music/kitheory_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round kitheory
sound/music/mateomessina_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem mateomessina
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted danielsadowski
sound/music/seanmurray_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted seanmurray
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem danielsadowski
sound/music/roam_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round roam
sound/music/beartooth_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_02/deathcam.mp3=music death cam beartooth
sound/music/midnightriders_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem midnightriders
sound/music/roam_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue roam
sound/music/robertallaire_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time robertallaire
sound/music/mattlange_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage mattlange
sound/music/seanmurray_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem seanmurray
sound/music/proxy_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted proxy
sound/music/sasha_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round sasha
sound/music/seanmurray_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round seanmurray
sound/music/mattlange_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time mattlange
sound/music/sasha_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted sasha
sound/music/michaelbross_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round michaelbross
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/startround_01.mp3=music start round danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/startround_01.mp3=music start round danielsadowski
sound/music/neckdeep_01/wonround.mp3=music won round neckdeep
sound/music/mateomessina_01/wonround.mp3=music won round mateomessina
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time troelsfolmann
sound/music/kellybailey_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection kellybailey
sound/music/skog_03/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage skog
sound/music/skog_02/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage skog
sound/music/skog_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage skog
sound/music/feedme_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam feedme
sound/music/blitzkids_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round blitzkids
sound/music/beartooth_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_02/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count beartooth
sound/music/blitzkids_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted blitzkids
sound/music/noisia_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action noisia
sound/music/noisia_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action noisia
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action newbeatfund
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action newbeatfund
sound/music/neckdeep_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem neckdeep
sound/music/michaelbross_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action michaelbross
sound/music/hundredth_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam hundredth
sound/music/dren_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round dren
sound/music/dren_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round dren
sound/music/roam_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection roam
sound/music/robertallaire_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam robertallaire
sound/music/dren_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection dren
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam twinatlantic
sound/music/mordfustang_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action mordfustang
sound/music/mordfustang_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action mordfustang
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted valve csgo
sound/music/robertallaire_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round robertallaire
sound/music/austinwintory_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count austinwintory
sound/music/noisia_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted noisia
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue danielsadowski
sound/music/proxy_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection proxy
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round twinatlantic
sound/music/darude_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection darude
sound/music/dren_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam dren
sound/music/beartooth_02/chooseteam.mp3=music selection beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection beartooth
sound/music/seanmurray_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round seanmurray
sound/music/seanmurray_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round seanmurray
sound/music/roam_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam roam
sound/music/kellybailey_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue kellybailey
sound/music/skog_03/lostround.mp3=music lost round skog
sound/music/midnightriders_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue midnightriders
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage damjanmravunac
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/lostround.mp3=music lost round valve csgo
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round valve csgo
sound/music/dren_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count dren
sound/music/beartooth_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_02/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time beartooth
sound/music/feedme_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action feedme
sound/music/feedme_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action feedme
sound/music/hundredth_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round hundredth
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time hotlinemiami
sound/music/michaelbross_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted michaelbross
sound/music/seanmurray_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action seanmurray
sound/music/seanmurray_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action seanmurray
sound/music/proxy_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count proxy
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round lenniemoore
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round lenniemoore
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round lenniemoore
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time ianhultquist
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round hotlinemiami
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round hotlinemiami
sound/music/skog_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round skog
sound/music/skog_03/startround_01.mp3=music start round skog
sound/music/skog_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round skog
sound/music/proxy_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem proxy
sound/music/neckdeep_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam neckdeep
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round newbeatfund
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action troelsfolmann
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action troelsfolmann
sound/music/awolnation_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count awolnation
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam ianhultquist
sound/music/awolnation_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round gg awolnation
sound/music/awolnation_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg awolnation
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count newbeatfund
sound/music/feedme_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection feedme
sound/music/darude_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted darude
sound/music/mateomessina_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count mateomessina
sound/music/austinwintory_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem austinwintory
sound/music/austinwintory_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage austinwintory
sound/music/kill_01.wav=music kill
sound/music/kill_03.wav=music kill
sound/music/kill_02.wav=music kill
sound/music/kellybailey_01/wonround.mp3=music won round kellybailey
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round valve csgo
sound/music/blitzkids_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem blitzkids
sound/music/mordfustang_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem mordfustang
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time twinatlantic
sound/music/roam_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage roam
sound/music/awolnation_01/wonround.mp3=music won round awolnation
sound/music/sasha_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem sasha
sound/music/darude_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round darude
sound/music/darude_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round darude
sound/music/neckdeep_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round neckdeep
sound/music/kellybailey_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action kellybailey
sound/music/kellybailey_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action kellybailey
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection troelsfolmann
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection hotlinemiami
sound/music/hundredth_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round hundredth
sound/music/dren_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round dren
sound/music/beartooth_02/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue beartooth
sound/music/mateomessina_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection mateomessina
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count damjanmravunac
sound/music/noisia_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg noisia
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage ianhultquist
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/wonround.mp3=music won round hotlinemiami
sound/music/feedme_01/wonround.mp3=music won round feedme
sound/music/feedme_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round feedme
sound/music/dominating.wav=music gg dominating
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/chooseteam.mp3=music selection danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/chooseteam.mp3=music selection danielsadowski
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection damjanmravunac
sound/music/sasha_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round sasha
sound/music/deathcam_gg_01.wav=player freeze cam
sound/music/noisia_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round noisia
sound/music/kitheory_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg kitheory
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage danielsadowski
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action hotlinemiami
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action hotlinemiami
sound/music/hundredth_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action hundredth
sound/music/darude_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round darude
sound/music/mattlange_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action mattlange
sound/music/mattlange_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action mattlange
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action damjanmravunac
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action damjanmravunac
sound/music/kitheory_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam kitheory
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count ianhultquist
sound/music/kellybailey_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round kellybailey
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection twinatlantic
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam newbeatfund
sound/music/robertallaire_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count robertallaire
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round damjanmravunac
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection lenniemoore
sound/music/dren_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count dren
sound/music/feedme_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time feedme
sound/music/awolnation_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count awolnation
sound/music/mattlange_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection mattlange
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/wonround.mp3=music won round ianhultquist
sound/music/darude_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue darude
sound/music/sasha_01/wonround.mp3=music won round sasha
sound/music/mateomessina_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round mateomessina
sound/music/beartooth_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_02/startaction_02.mp3=music start action beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_02/startaction_01.mp3=music start action beartooth
sound/music/hundredth_01/wonround.mp3=music won round hundredth
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round hotlinemiami
sound/music/robertallaire_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round robertallaire
sound/music/darude_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count darude
sound/music/robertallaire_01/wonround.mp3=music won round robertallaire
sound/music/michaelbross_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem michaelbross
sound/music/blitzkids_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round blitzkids
sound/music/darude_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round gg darude
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam valve csgo
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/deathcam.mp3=music death cam valve csgo
sound/music/mattlange_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round mattlange
sound/music/robertallaire_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage robertallaire
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count troelsfolmann
sound/music/robertallaire_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action robertallaire
sound/music/robertallaire_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action robertallaire
sound/music/kitheory_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem kitheory
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted newbeatfund
sound/music/seanmurray_01/wonround.mp3=music won round seanmurray
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count troelsfolmann
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round lenniemoore
sound/music/midnightriders_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection midnightriders
sound/music/feedme_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue feedme
sound/music/hundredth_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count hundredth
sound/music/feedme_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count feedme
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem newbeatfund
sound/music/kitheory_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action kitheory
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/wonround.mp3=music won round twinatlantic
sound/music/cs_stinger.wav=music final round stinger
sound/music/dren_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted dren
sound/music/noisia_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count noisia
sound/music/awolnation_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time awolnation
sound/music/darude_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action darude
sound/music/darude_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action darude
sound/music/darude_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action darude
sound/music/mateomessina_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted mateomessina
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count hotlinemiami
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue damjanmravunac
sound/music/midnightriders_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count midnightriders
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count danielsadowski
sound/music/darude_01/wonround.mp3=music won round darude
sound/music/kill_bonus.wav=kill bonus
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue newbeatfund
sound/music/darude_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam darude
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/wonround.mp3=music won round danielsadowski
sound/music/noisia_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time noisia
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/wonround.mp3=music won round danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/wonround.mp3=music won round danielsadowski
sound/music/hundredth_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time hundredth
sound/music/skog_03/deathcam.mp3=music death cam skog
sound/music/skog_02/deathcam.mp3=music death cam skog
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count valve csgo
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count valve csgo
sound/music/michaelbross_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time michaelbross
sound/music/roam_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count roam
sound/music/sasha_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action sasha
sound/music/mordfustang_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue mordfustang
sound/music/hundredth_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection hundredth
sound/music/mordfustang_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted mordfustang
sound/music/awolnation_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem awolnation
sound/music/noisia_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round noisia
sound/music/hundredth_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted hundredth
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem ianhultquist
sound/music/robertallaire_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg robertallaire
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action ianhultquist
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count lenniemoore
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count hotlinemiami
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action ianhultquist
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action ianhultquist
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted troelsfolmann
sound/music/skog_02/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg skog
sound/music/kellybailey_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time kellybailey
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/deathcam.mp3=music death cam danielsadowski
sound/music/darude_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem darude
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam danielsadowski
sound/music/midnightriders_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round midnightriders
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/deathcam.mp3=music death cam danielsadowski
sound/music/mordfustang_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection mordfustang
sound/music/kellybailey_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg kellybailey
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round troelsfolmann
sound/music/mateomessina_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action mateomessina
sound/music/mateomessina_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action mateomessina
sound/music/mateomessina_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action mateomessina
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round damjanmravunac
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round damjanmravunac
sound/music/neckdeep_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round neckdeep
sound/music/neckdeep_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round neckdeep
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam damjanmravunac
sound/music/proxy_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round proxy
sound/music/roam_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action roam
sound/music/roam_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action roam
sound/music/blitzkids_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam blitzkids
sound/music/roam_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action roam
sound/music/roam_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round roam
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round ianhultquist
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round ianhultquist
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round ianhultquist
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue valve csgo
sound/music/austinwintory_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action austinwintory
sound/music/austinwintory_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action austinwintory
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round twinatlantic
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round twinatlantic
sound/music/awolnation_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam awolnation
sound/music/mattlange_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue mattlange
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count danielsadowski
sound/music/kitheory_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue kitheory
sound/music/roam_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem roam
sound/music/proxy_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam proxy
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem hotlinemiami
sound/music/mordfustang_01/wonround.mp3=music won round mordfustang
sound/music/mordfustang_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time mordfustang
sound/music/skog_02/lostround.mp3=music lost round skog
sound/music/skog_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time skog
sound/music/skog_03/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time skog
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue twinatlantic
sound/music/darude_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time darude
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg twinatlantic
sound/music/dren_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time dren
sound/music/robertallaire_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem robertallaire
sound/music/skog_02/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem skog
sound/music/skog_03/wonround.mp3=music won round skog
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time damjanmravunac
sound/music/mattlange_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count mattlange
sound/music/kellybailey_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted kellybailey
sound/music/point_captured_t.wav=music cp point captured t
sound/music/roam_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg roam
sound/music/skog_02/wonround.mp3=music won round skog
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time newbeatfund
sound/music/skog_01/wonround.mp3=music won round skog
sound/music/feedme_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted feedme
sound/music/mattlange_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam mattlange
sound/music/awolnation_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round awolnation
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round troelsfolmann
sound/music/skog_02/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time skog
sound/music/beartooth_02/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem beartooth
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection valve csgo
sound/music/ianhultquist_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round ianhultquist
sound/music/skog_03/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem skog
sound/music/hundredth_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem hundredth
sound/music/roam_01/wonround.mp3=music won round roam
sound/music/point_captured_ct.wav=music cp point captured ct
sound/music/proxy_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue proxy
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg valve csgo
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg valve csgo
sound/music/robertallaire_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection robertallaire
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg valve csgo
sound/music/mattlange_01/wonround.mp3=music won round mattlange
sound/music/skog_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count skog
sound/music/michaelbross_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count michaelbross
sound/music/hundredth_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count hundredth
sound/music/skog_03/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count skog
sound/music/skog_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round skog
sound/music/austinwintory_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round austinwintory
sound/music/austinwintory_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round austinwintory
sound/music/seanmurray_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam seanmurray
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted twinatlantic
sound/music/austinwintory_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count austinwintory
sound/music/neckdeep_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time neckdeep
sound/music/feedme_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem feedme
sound/music/austinwintory_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time austinwintory
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem troelsfolmann
sound/music/nemesis.wav=music gg nemesis
sound/music/midnightriders_01/wonround.mp3=music won round midnightriders
sound/music/neckdeep_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count neckdeep
sound/music/skog_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem skog
sound/music/dren_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action dren
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/wonround.mp3=music won round valve csgo
sound/music/neckdeep_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage neckdeep
sound/music/dren_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action dren
sound/music/dren_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action dren
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round troelsfolmann
sound/music/michaelbross_01/wonround.mp3=music won round michaelbross
sound/music/feedme_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg feedme
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time valve csgo
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time valve csgo
sound/music/sasha_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection sasha
sound/music/hundredth_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action hundredth
sound/music/hundredth_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action hundredth
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem damjanmravunac
sound/music/noisia_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count noisia
sound/music/mordfustang_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam mordfustang
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/chooseteam.mp3=music selection valve csgo
sound/music/dren_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round gg dren
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/startaction_01.mp3=music start action danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/startaction_01.mp3=music start action danielsadowski
sound/music/awolnation_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round awolnation
sound/music/michaelbross_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection michaelbross
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count twinatlantic
sound/music/seanmurray_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue seanmurray
sound/music/sasha_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count sasha
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/wonround.mp3=music won round valve csgo
sound/music/sasha_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count sasha
sound/music/dren_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem dren
sound/music/kellybailey_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam kellybailey
sound/music/mattlange_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem mattlange
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round newbeatfund
sound/music/sasha_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam sasha
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/lostround.mp3=music lost round danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round danielsadowski
sound/music/danielsadowski_02/lostround.mp3=music lost round danielsadowski
sound/music/beartooth_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg beartooth
sound/music/proxy_01/wonround.mp3=music won round proxy
sound/music/beartooth_02/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg beartooth
sound/music/skog_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam skog
sound/music/noisia_01/wonround.mp3=music won round noisia
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action twinatlantic
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action twinatlantic
sound/music/twinatlantic_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action twinatlantic
sound/music/mateomessina_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue mateomessina
sound/music/dren_01/wonround.mp3=music won round dren
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem valve csgo
sound/music/troelsfolmann_01/wonround.mp3=music won round troelsfolmann
sound/music/mordfustang_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round mordfustang
sound/music/mordfustang_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round mordfustang
sound/music/noisia_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem noisia
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time lenniemoore
sound/music/midnightriders_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action midnightriders
sound/music/midnightriders_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action midnightriders
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection newbeatfund
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem lenniemoore
sound/music/beartooth_02/startround_01.mp3=music start round beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round beartooth
sound/music/mordfustang_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count mordfustang
sound/music/blitzkids_01/wonround.mp3=music won round blitzkids
sound/music/michaelbross_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg michaelbross
sound/music/kitheory_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time kitheory
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage hotlinemiami
sound/music/midnightriders_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam midnightriders
sound/music/michaelbross_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count michaelbross
sound/music/awolnation_01/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage awolnation
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem valve csgo
sound/music/midnightriders_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round midnightriders
sound/music/midnightriders_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round midnightriders
sound/music/blitzkids_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg blitzkids
sound/music/kitheory_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection kitheory
sound/music/neckdeep_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round gg neckdeep
sound/music/damjanmravunac_01/wonround.mp3=music won round damjanmravunac
sound/music/mateomessina_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round mateomessina
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/wonround.mp3=music won round newbeatfund
sound/music/mateomessina_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round mateomessina
sound/music/mateomessina_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round mateomessina
sound/music/proxy_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time proxy
sound/music/hotlinemiami_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam hotlinemiami
sound/music/austinwintory_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection austinwintory
sound/music/blitzkids_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue blitzkids
sound/music/neckdeep_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action neckdeep
sound/music/neckdeep_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action neckdeep
sound/music/neckdeep_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action neckdeep
sound/music/mateomessina_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time mateomessina
sound/music/beartooth_02/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_01/bombplanted.mp3=music bomb planted beartooth
sound/music/kitheory_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count kitheory
sound/music/skog_02/bombtenseccount.mp3=music hostage near rescue skog
sound/music/mateomessina_01/deathcam.mp3=music death cam mateomessina
sound/music/neckdeep_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection neckdeep
sound/music/blitzkids_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time blitzkids
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage valve csgo
sound/music/skog_03/chooseteam.mp3=music selection skog
sound/music/skog_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection skog
sound/music/skog_02/chooseteam.mp3=music selection skog
sound/music/seanmurray_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time seanmurray
sound/music/proxy_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg proxy
sound/music/proxy_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg proxy
sound/music/seanmurray_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count seanmurray
sound/music/newbeatfund_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg newbeatfund
sound/music/austinwintory_01/wonround.mp3=music won round austinwintory
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/bombtenseccount.mp3=music bomb ten sec count valve csgo
sound/music/seanmurray_01/chooseteam.mp3=music selection seanmurray
sound/music/beartooth_01/wonround.mp3=music won round beartooth
sound/music/beartooth_02/wonround.mp3=music won round beartooth
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action lenniemoore
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action lenniemoore
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action lenniemoore
sound/music/kellybailey_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round kellybailey
sound/music/blitzkids_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count blitzkids
sound/music/awolnation_01/startaction_03.mp3=music start action awolnation
sound/music/awolnation_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action awolnation
sound/music/awolnation_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action awolnation
sound/music/lenniemoore_01/wonround.mp3=music won round lenniemoore
sound/music/roam_01/startround_03.mp3=music start round roam
sound/music/kellybailey_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count kellybailey
sound/music/neckdeep_01/roundtenseccount.mp3=music ten sec count neckdeep
sound/music/mordfustang_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round mordfustang
sound/music/danielsadowski_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg danielsadowski
sound/music/mattlange_01/lostround.mp3=music lost round mattlange
sound/music/proxy_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action proxy
sound/music/proxy_01/startaction_02.mp3=music start action proxy
sound/music/hundredth_01/startround_01.mp3=music start round gg hundredth
sound/music/hundredth_01/startround_02.mp3=music start round gg hundredth
sound/music/valve_csgo_01/startaction_01.mp3=music start action valve csgo
sound/music/valve_csgo_02/startaction_01.mp3=music start action valve csgo
sound/music/sasha_01/mainmenu.mp3=musix half time sasha
sound/music/danielsadowski_03/bombplanted.mp3=music got hostage danielsadowski
sound/music/beartooth_01/roundmvpanthem_01.mp3=music mvp anthem beartooth
realm=misc
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_conflict.mp3=op bloodhound valeria conflict
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_19_alt02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete alt
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_02_alt.wav=coop radio mx ally down alt
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_thrill_04_alt01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start thrill alt
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_pollock_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria pollock turner
sound/doors/wood_move1.wav=doors move
sound/error.wav=error
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_extaract_alt_01_alt01.wav=coop radio m kincaide extaract alt alt
sound/commander/train_bodydamageheadshot_01.wav=training train bodydamageheadshot
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_cobble.mp3=op bloodhound turner cobble
sound/doors/metal_door_full_open_01.wav=door de nuke full open
sound/hostage/hunuse/comeback.wav=wait come back here
sound/ambient/misc/metal8.wav=metal
sound/items/medshot4.wav=health shot pickup
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_dead_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria dead turner
sound/player/land3.wav=default land
sound/doors/urb_3b_manhole_open.wav=doors manhole open
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_hero.mp3=op bloodhound turner hero
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/campaign/op07/op07_711.mp3=op
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_dust2_01_alt01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start dust alt
sound/doors/metal_move1.wav=doors move
sound/doors/door_chainlink_move1.wav=doors move
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimerstart_015.wav=training train bodydamagetimerstart wav
sound/hostage/huse/hostage_cut_free_without_defuser.wav=hostage cut free without defuser
sound/campaign/bloodhound/booth/op_bloodhound_booth_bomb.mp3=op bloodhound booth bomb
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_prodigy.mp3=op bloodhound turner prodigy
sound/commander/new_course11.wav=training new course
sound/coop_radio/m2_holdout_alt01.wav=coop radio m holdout alt
sound/vehicles/loud_helicopter_sweeten_lp_01.wav=helicopter sweetner training
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_into_alt01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian into alt
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_04.wav=coop radio mx all dead
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_02.wav=coop radio mx all dead
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_03.wav=coop radio mx all dead
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_05.wav=coop radio mx all dead
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_01.wav=coop radio mx all dead
sound/doors/drawbridge_stop1.wav=drawbridge stop
sound/player/death6.wav=player death
sound/player/death5.wav=player death
sound/doors/doormove7.wav=doors move
sound/player/death4.wav=player death
sound/player/death3.wav=player death
sound/player/death2.wav=player death
sound/player/death1.wav=player death
sound/commander/train_bodydamagestart_01.wav=training train bodydamagestart
sound/commander/train_bodydamagestart_04.wav=training train bodydamagestart
sound/commander/train_bodydamagestart_05.wav=training train bodydamagestart
sound/commander/train_bodydamagestart_06.wav=training train bodydamagestart
sound/commander/train_bodydamagestart_02.wav=training train bodydamagestart
sound/commander/train_bodydamagestart_03.wav=training train bodydamagestart
sound/coop_radio/m3_separate.wav=coop radio m separate
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_blunt.mp3=op bloodhound turner blunt
sound/common/frontright.wav=default front right
sound/commander/train_bodydamagestart_05a.wav=training train bodydamagestart a
sound/ambient/misc/brass_bell_e.wav=brass bell e
sound/items/spraycan_shake.wav=spray can shake
sound/commander/train_bombplantbcomplete_01.wav=training train bombplantbcomplete
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_win_912.mp3=hydra win
sound/commander/train_bombplantbcomplete_02.wav=training train bombplantbcomplete
sound/coop_radio/m1_forklift_room_02_alt.wav=coop radio m forklift room alt
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_05_alt01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy alt
sound/commander/gamecommander_15.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_09.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_19.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_17.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_18.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_04.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_11.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_06.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_14.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_01.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_03.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_05.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_21.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_10.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_20.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_13.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_16.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_08.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_02.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_12.wav=training gamecommander
sound/commander/gamecommander_07.wav=training gamecommander
sound/doors/hit_kickmetaldoor2.wav=doors glass pound
sound/hostage/huse/okletsgo.wav=ok lets go
sound/buttons/button11.wav=func track change blocking
sound/coop_radio/m3_leave_compound_05.wav=coop radio m leave compound
sound/coop_radio/m1_vent.wav=coop radio m vent
sound/common/stuck1.wav=bot stuck
sound/common/stuck2.wav=bot stuck
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_intro.mp3=op bloodhound turner intro
sound/campaign/bloodhound/booth/op_bloodhound_booth_flash.mp3=op bloodhound booth flash
sound/commander/train_guntestwait_03.wav=training train guntestwait
sound/commander/train_guntestwait_02.wav=training train guntestwait
sound/commander/train_guntestwait_01.wav=training train guntestwait
sound/campaign/wildfire/m3_courtyard_pa.wav=coop radio m courtyard pa
sound/radio/bombpl.wav=event bomb planted
sound/ambient/de_inferno_children.wav=de inferno children
sound/commander/train_flashbangflashed_01.wav=training train flashbangflashed
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_labels_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria labels turner
sound/commander/train_flashbangflashed_03.wav=training train flashbangflashed
sound/commander/train_flashbangflashed_04.wav=training train flashbangflashed
sound/commander/train_flashbangflashed_05.wav=training train flashbangflashed
sound/commander/train_flashbangflashed_02.wav=training train flashbangflashed
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_into.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian into
sound/ambient/misc/brass_bell_d.wav=brass bell d
sound/doors/checkpointbarremove.wav=doors checkpoint unlock
sound/training/puck_fail.wav=tr puck fail
sound/training/firewerks_burst_02.wav=tr c explode
sound/coop_radio/m3_home_free_03.wav=coop radio m home free
sound/coop_radio/m3_home_free_01.wav=coop radio m home free
sound/coop_radio/m3_home_free_04.wav=coop radio m home free
sound/coop_radio/m3_home_free_05.wav=coop radio m home free
sound/coop_radio/m3_home_free_02.wav=coop radio m home free
sound/coop_radio/m3_home_free_06.wav=coop radio m home free
sound/ambient/tankidle2.wav=tankidle
sound/doors/de_bank_doors_arrive_03.wav=door de bank arrive
sound/doors/de_bank_doors_arrive_02.wav=door de bank arrive
sound/doors/de_bank_doors_arrive_01.wav=door de bank arrive
sound/doors/door_lock_1.wav=wooden door lock
sound/commander/train_gunteststart_01.wav=training train gunteststart
sound/commander/train_gunteststart_02.wav=training train gunteststart
sound/campaign/wildfire/m3_imogen_rant_01.wav=coop radio m imogen rant
sound/campaign/wildfire/m3_imogen_rant_03.wav=coop radio m imogen rant
sound/campaign/wildfire/m3_imogen_rant_02.wav=coop radio m imogen rant
sound/campaign/wildfire/m3_imogen_rant_05.wav=coop radio m imogen rant
sound/campaign/wildfire/m3_imogen_rant_04.wav=coop radio m imogen rant
sound/doors/pushbardoor_close.wav=world underground push bar close
sound/commander/train_flashbangfail_02.wav=training train flashbangfail
sound/commander/train_flashbangfail_03.wav=training train flashbangfail
sound/commander/train_flashbangfail_04.wav=training train flashbangfail
sound/commander/train_flashbangfail_01.wav=training train flashbangfail
sound/commander/train_idtestfailed_01.wav=training train idtestfailed
sound/commander/train_idtestfailed_04.wav=training train idtestfailed
sound/commander/train_idtestfailed_02.wav=training train idtestfailed
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_train_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start train
sound/commander/train_idtestfailed_03.wav=training train idtestfailed
sound/player/pl_wade1.wav=player drown start
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_booth.mp3=op bloodhound turner booth
sound/commander/train_bursttestfailed_01.wav=training train bursttestfailed
sound/commander/train_bursttestfailed_02.wav=training train bursttestfailed
sound/common/rearleft.wav=default rear left
sound/training/popup.wav=tr popup
sound/commander/train_grenadetestcompletegood_01.wav=training train grenadetestcompletegood
sound/items/suitchargeok1.wav=suitchargeok
sound/doors/door_metal_thin_open1.wav=boxcar door stop
sound/doors/door_metal_thin_close2.wav=boxcar door stop
sound/ambient/misc/creak5.wav=creak
sound/ambient/misc/creak4.wav=creak
sound/ambient/misc/creak2.wav=creak
sound/ambient/misc/creak1.wav=creak
sound/ambient/misc/creak3.wav=creak
sound/coop_radio/m2_reach_elevator.wav=coop radio m reach elevator
sound/commander/new_gunroom02.wav=training new gunroom
sound/commander/new_gunroom03.wav=training new gunroom
sound/commander/new_gunroom01.wav=training new gunroom
sound/commander/train_failure_03b.wav=training train failure b
sound/doors/door_locked2.wav=door locked
sound/commander/train_bodydamageintro_01.wav=training train bodydamageintro
sound/resource/warning.wav=warning
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_lite_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start lite
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_lite_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start lite
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_lite_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start lite
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_lite_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start lite
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_lite_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start lite
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_site_a_02.wav=coop radio m bomb site a
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_21.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_12.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_25.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_02.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_16.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_29.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_04.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_11.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_03.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_27.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_06.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_15.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_20.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_07.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_509_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_24.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_08.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_01.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_23.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_19.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_28.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_10.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_14.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_22.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_26.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_05.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_09.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_13.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_17.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/commander/train_activetestingchatter_18.wav=training train activetestingchatter
sound/coop_radio/m1_wave1_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/coop_radio/m2_wave1_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/coop_radio/m1_wave4_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/coop_radio/m2_wave2_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/coop_radio/m2_wave4_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/coop_radio/m1_wave5_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/coop_radio/m1_wave2_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/coop_radio/m1_wave3_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/coop_radio/m1_wave6_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/coop_radio/m2_wave6_clear.wav=coop radio m wave clear
sound/commander/train_bombplantbcomplete_02b.wav=training train bombplantbcomplete b
sound/commander/train_misc_01b.wav=training train misc b
sound/campaign/wildfire/m3_gate_1.wav=coop radio m gate
sound/ambient/de_overpass_trainbell.wav=de overpass trainbell
sound/campaign/wildfire/m3_open_2nd_gate_01.wav=coop radio m open nd gate
sound/coop_radio/m3_open_2nd_gate_02.wav=coop radio m open nd gate
sound/hostage/huse/letshurry.wav=okay lets hurry
sound/campaign/op07/op07_727.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_722.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_730.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_811.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_726.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_709.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_713.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_818.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_706.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_702.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_809.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_819.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_803.mp3=op
sound/coop_radio/m2_thumbdrive_start.wav=coop radio m thumbdrive start
sound/player/heartbeatloop.wav=heartbeatloop
sound/commander/train_burstblockerteststart_01.wav=training train burstblockerteststart
sound/player/pl_burnpain2.wav=pl burnpain
sound/player/pl_burnpain3.wav=pl burnpain
sound/items/ammocrate_open.wav=ammocrate open
sound/doors/drawbridge_move1.wav=drawbridge move
sound/hostage/huse/illfollow.wav=okay ill follow you
sound/coop_radio/mx_time_out_05.wav=coop radio mx time out
sound/coop_radio/mx_time_out_01.wav=coop radio mx time out
sound/coop_radio/mx_time_out_03.wav=coop radio mx time out
sound/coop_radio/mx_time_out_04.wav=coop radio mx time out
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_502_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/coop_radio/mx_wave_completed_09.wav=coop radio mx wave completed
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_04.wav=training train bombplantbfail
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_05.wav=training train bombplantbfail
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_03.wav=training train bombplantbfail
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_02.wav=training train bombplantbfail
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_06.wav=training train bombplantbfail
sound/buttons/weapon_cant_buy.wav=weapon cant buy
sound/ambient/misc/windchime5.wav=windchimes snd
sound/ambient/misc/windchime4.wav=windchimes snd
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_tyrants.mp3=op bloodhound valeria tyrants
sound/ambient/misc/windchine1.wav=windchimes snd
sound/ambient/misc/windchime2.wav=windchimes snd
sound/coop_radio/m3_second_ex.wav=coop radio m second explosion
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_19.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_06.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_14.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_15.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_13.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_18.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_17.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_12.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_09.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_07.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_16.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_08.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_11.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_underhill_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria underhill turner
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_20.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/items/ammocrate_close.wav=ammocrate close
sound/items/smallmedkit1.wav=smallmedkit
sound/coop_radio/m2_thumbdrive_swap.wav=coop radio m thumbdrive swap
sound/buttons/weapon_confirm.wav=buy preset updated
sound/common/wpn_select.wav=player weapon selected
sound/ambient/misc/flour_light.wav=flour light
sound/ambient/misc/flour_light_loud.wav=flour light loud
sound/ambient/water_splash1.wav=water splash
sound/ambient/water_splash3.wav=water splash
sound/ambient/water_splash2.wav=water splash
sound/commander/train_idteststart_03.wav=training train idteststart
sound/commander/train_idteststart_02.wav=training train idteststart
sound/commander/train_idteststart_01.wav=training train idteststart
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/common/center.wav=default center
sound/training/timer_bell.wav=coop hit range target blue
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_extaract.wav=coop radio m kincaide extaract
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planting_04.wav=coop radio m bomb planting
sound/commander/train_grenadetestcompletebad_01b.wav=training train grenadetestcompletebad b
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planting_02.wav=coop radio m bomb planting
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planting_01.wav=coop radio m bomb planting
sound/buttons/blip2.wav=edit mark disable
sound/commander/train_guntestgoing_01.wav=training train guntestgoing
sound/commander/train_bodydamagechestshot_02.wav=training train bodydamagechestshot
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_goes_off_03.wav=coop radio m bomb goes off
sound/coop_radio/m2_ride_elevator.wav=coop radio m ride elevator
sound/buttons/light_power_on_switch_01.wav=freeze shot take screenshot
sound/commander/train_burstblockertestfailed_02.wav=training train burstblockertestfailed
sound/commander/train_burstblockertestfailed_01.wav=training train burstblockertestfailed
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planting_03.wav=coop radio m bomb planting
sound/commander/train_bodydamagelegshot_03.wav=training train bodydamagelegshot
sound/commander/train_bodydamagelegshot_01.wav=training train bodydamagelegshot
sound/commander/train_bodydamagelegshot_02.wav=training train bodydamagelegshot
sound/commander/train_bodydamagelegshot_05.wav=training train bodydamagelegshot
sound/commander/train_bodydamagelegshot_04.wav=training train bodydamagelegshot
sound/coop_radio/mx_compliment_05.wav=coop radio mx compliment
sound/commander/train_bodydamagechestshot_04.wav=training train bodydamagechestshot
sound/commander/train_bodydamagechestshot_03.wav=training train bodydamagechestshot
sound/commander/train_bodydamagechestshot_05.wav=training train bodydamagechestshot
sound/commander/train_bodydamagechestshot_01.wav=training train bodydamagechestshot
sound/coop_radio/m3_first_land_04.wav=coop radio m first land
sound/coop_radio/m1_first_land.wav=coop radio m first land
sound/coop_radio/m3_first_land_01.wav=coop radio m first land
sound/coop_radio/m3_first_land_05.wav=coop radio m first land
sound/coop_radio/m2_first_land.wav=coop radio m first land
sound/coop_radio/m3_first_land_02.wav=coop radio m first land
sound/coop_radio/m3_first_land_03.wav=coop radio m first land
sound/doors/door_latch3.wav=door handles unlocked
sound/doors/handle_pushbar_open1.wav=door handles unlocked
sound/common/silence_1sec_lp.wav=silence sec lp
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_518_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/commander/train_guntestnotshooting_01.wav=training train guntestnotshooting
sound/animation/jets/jet_flyby_05.wav=jet flyby snd
sound/animation/jets/jet_flyby_04.wav=jet flyby snd
sound/animation/jets/jet_flyby_02.wav=jet flyby snd
sound/animation/jets/jet_flyby_06.wav=jet flyby snd
sound/animation/jets/jet_flyby_03.wav=jet flyby snd
sound/animation/jets/jet_flyby_01.wav=jet flyby snd
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_06.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/m3_felix_finale.wav=coop radio m felix finale
sound/player/orch_hit_csharp_short.wav=orch hit csharp short
sound/hostage/hunuse/notleaveme.wav=youre not going to leave me here right
sound/commander/commander_comment_22.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_16.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_08.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_19.wav=training commander comment
sound/doors/metal_door_open_02.wav=door de sugarcane unlock
sound/commander/commander_comment_09.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_10.wav=training commander comment
sound/common/bass.wav=default bass
sound/commander/commander_comment_02.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_03.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_21.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_11.wav=training commander comment
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_shame.mp3=op bloodhound turner shame
sound/commander/commander_comment_15.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_14.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_07.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_23.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_04.wav=training commander comment
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_win_920.mp3=coop radio hydra hydra win
sound/commander/commander_comment_18.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_01.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_05.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_12.wav=training commander comment
sound/commander/commander_comment_13.wav=training commander comment
sound/training/score100.wav=tr score
sound/commander/commander_comment_17.wav=training commander comment
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_history_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria history turner
sound/ambient/de_train_trainloop.wav=de train trainloop
sound/radio/bombdef.wav=event bomb defused
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_win_920.mp3=hydra win
sound/common/wpn_hudoff.wav=player weapon selection close
sound/common/talk.wav=hud chat message
sound/coop_radio/m1_survial_wave.wav=coop radio m survial wave
sound/player/suit_denydevice.wav=suit denydevice
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_inferno_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start inferno
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_inferno_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start inferno
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_inferno_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start inferno
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_inferno_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start inferno
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_inferno_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start inferno
sound/ambient/misc/rock2.wav=rock
sound/ambient/misc/rock3.wav=rock
sound/commander/train_grenadetestallblownup_01.wav=training train grenadetestallblownup
sound/player/headshot2.wav=player death head shot
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_train_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start train
sound/training/bell_impact.wav=tr bell impact
sound/commander/misc_course01.wav=training misc course
sound/doors/metal_door_move_03.wav=door training move
sound/commander/train_flashbangintro_01a.wav=training train flashbangintro a
sound/radio/rounddraw.wav=event round draw
sound/coop_radio/m2_thumbdrive2_ready.wav=coop radio m thumbdrive ready
sound/ambient/misc/hammer3.wav=hammer
sound/coop_radio/m2_thumbdrive1_ready.wav=coop radio m thumbdrive ready
sound/ambient/misc/wood5.wav=wood
sound/ambient/misc/wood6.wav=wood
sound/ambient/misc/wood2.wav=wood
sound/commander/train_burstblockertestfailed_03.wav=training train burstblockertestfailed
sound/ambient/misc/wood4.wav=wood
sound/ambient/misc/wood3.wav=wood
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimercomplete_02.wav=training train bodydamagetimercomplete
sound/radio/legacy_very_nice.wav=event bomb defused legacy
sound/commander/train_bombplantbdefusing_01c.wav=training train bombplantbdefusing c
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_12b.wav=training train activetestingcomplete b
sound/commander/train_grenadetestactive_01b.wav=training train grenadetestactive b
sound/coop_radio/m1_15_seconds.wav=coop radio m seconds
sound/coop_radio/m1_30_seconds.wav=coop radio m seconds
sound/coop_radio/m1_60_seconds.wav=coop radio m seconds
sound/coop_radio/m1_5_seconds.wav=coop radio m seconds
sound/ambient/de_train_radio.wav=de train radio loop
sound/radio/rescued.wav=event hostage rescued
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_austria_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start austria
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_austria_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start austria
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_austria_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start austria
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_austria_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start austria
sound/buttons/combine_button_locked.wav=combine button locked
sound/training/pointscored.wav=tr point scored
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planning_02.wav=coop radio m bomb planning
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planning_01.wav=coop radio m bomb planning
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planning_04.wav=coop radio m bomb planning
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planning_03.wav=coop radio m bomb planning
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planning_05.wav=coop radio m bomb planning
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_planning_06.wav=coop radio m bomb planning
sound/player/jumplanding4.wav=jumplanding
sound/player/jumplanding3.wav=jumplanding
sound/player/jumplanding.wav=jumplanding
sound/player/jumplanding2.wav=jumplanding
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_extaract_alt_01.wav=coop radio m kincaide extaract alt
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_extaract_alt_02.wav=coop radio m kincaide extaract alt
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_awp.mp3=op bloodhound turner awp
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_extaract_alt01.wav=coop radio m kincaide extaract alt
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_extaract_alt_03.wav=coop radio m kincaide extaract alt
sound/player/heartbeat_noloop.wav=heartbeat noloop
sound/hostage/huse/getouttahere.wav=lets get the hell out of here
sound/coop_radio/m1_tag_02.wav=coop radio m tag
sound/campaign/bloodhound/booth/op_bloodhound_booth_spend.mp3=op bloodhound booth spend
sound/player/breathe1.wav=breathe
sound/commander/train_bombplantbdefusing_01b.wav=training train bombplantbdefusing b
sound/ambient/misc/equipment_stress1.wav=equipment stress
sound/coop_radio/m1_forklift_room_02.wav=coop radio m forklift room
sound/coop_radio/m1_forklift_room_01.wav=coop radio m forklift room
sound/commander/train_bombplanta_02.wav=training train bombplanta
sound/commander/train_bombplanta_01.wav=training train bombplanta
sound/buttons/button17.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button10.wav=buttons snd
sound/doors/latchunlocked1.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button19.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button15.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button2.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button8.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button4.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button3.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button9.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button16.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button5.wav=buttons snd
sound/common/wpn_denyselect.wav=wpn denyselect
sound/buttons/button14.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button24.wav=buttons snd
sound/doors/latchlocked2.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button18.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button6.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/lightswitch2.wav=buttons snd
sound/buttons/button1.wav=buttons snd
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimerstart_01.wav=training train bodydamagetimerstart
sound/coop_radio/m3_prep_room.wav=coop radio m prep room
sound/coop_radio/m3_prep_room_02.wav=coop radio m prep room
sound/coop_radio/m2_prep_room.wav=coop radio m prep room
sound/coop_radio/m1_prep_room.wav=coop radio m prep room
sound/commander/train_burstblockertestcompleted_02.wav=training train burstblockertestcompleted
sound/commander/train_burstblockertestcompleted_01.wav=training train burstblockertestcompleted
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_canals_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start canals
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_canals_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start canals
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_canals_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start canals
sound/commander/train_flashbangcompleted_01.wav=training train flashbangcompleted
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_canals_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start canals
sound/doors/metal_door_move_01.wav=door de sugarcane move
sound/ambient/misc/brass_bell_c.wav=brass bell c
sound/doors/vent_open3.wav=doors locker shut
sound/commander/train_failureammo_01.wav=training train failureammo
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_spark.mp3=op bloodhound valeria spark
sound/buttons/lever3.wav=lever
sound/buttons/lever1.wav=lever
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_goes_off_03_alt01.wav=coop radio m bomb goes off alt
sound/buttons/lever5.wav=lever
sound/buttons/lever6.wav=lever
sound/buttons/lever8.wav=lever
sound/buttons/lever2.wav=lever
sound/ambient/misc/equipment_stress3.wav=equipment stress
sound/commander/new_sport04.wav=training new sport
sound/commander/new_sport02.wav=training new sport
sound/commander/new_sport03.wav=training new sport
sound/commander/new_sport06.wav=training new sport
sound/commander/new_sport05.wav=training new sport
sound/commander/new_sport01.wav=training new sport
sound/coop_radio/m2_wave3_clear_alt.wav=coop radio m wave clear alt
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_24.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_01_alt.wav=coop radio mx all dead alt
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_05_alt.wav=coop radio mx all dead alt
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_03_alt.wav=coop radio mx all dead alt
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_02_alt.wav=coop radio mx all dead alt
sound/coop_radio/mx_all_dead_04_alt.wav=coop radio mx all dead alt
sound/coop_radio/m1_no_kincaide.wav=coop radio m no kincaide
sound/commander/train_failure_03.wav=training train failure
sound/commander/train_flashbangmultifail_01.wav=training train flashbangmultifail
sound/commander/new_metal03.wav=training new metal
sound/hostage/huse/letsdoit.wav=okay im ready lets do it
sound/coop_radio/m3_closed_gate_03.wav=coop radio m closed gate
sound/coop_radio/m3_closed_gate_01.wav=coop radio m closed gate
sound/coop_radio/m3_closed_gate_02.wav=coop radio m closed gate
sound/commander/train_flashbangintro_01.wav=training train flashbangintro
sound/commander/train_idtestcompleted_02.wav=training train idtestcompleted
sound/doors/urb_4b_elevator_close.wav=doors elevator close
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_grenade_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start grenade
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_grenade_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start grenade
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_grenade_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start grenade
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_grenade_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start grenade
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_grenade_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start grenade
sound/coop_radio/m1_finish.wav=coop radio m finish
sound/common/wpn_moveselect.wav=wpn moveselect
sound/hostage/huse/hostage_breath.wav=hostage breath
sound/coop_radio/mx_encouragement_02.wav=coop radio mx encouragement
sound/coop_radio/mx_encouragement_01.wav=coop radio mx encouragement
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_mirage_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start mirage
sound/coop_radio/mx_encouragement_05.wav=coop radio mx encouragement
sound/coop_radio/mx_encouragement_03.wav=coop radio mx encouragement
sound/doors/door_metal_gate_move2.wav=door gate inferno
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_08.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/items/spraycan_spray.wav=spray can paint
sound/ambient/misc/car2.wav=car
sound/ambient/misc/carhonk2.wav=carhonk
sound/ambient/misc/carhonk1.wav=carhonk
sound/ambient/misc/carhonk3.wav=carhonk
sound/commander/train_flashbangcompleted_04.wav=training train flashbangcompleted
sound/coop_radio/m3_second_explosion_03.wav=m second explosion
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_21.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_512_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_25.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/commander/new_timer01.wav=training new timer
sound/items/healthshot_success_01.wav=healthshot success
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_16.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_22b.wav=training train activetestingcomplete b
sound/doors/de_bank_doors_move_03.wav=door de bank move
sound/hostage/hpain/hpain4.wav=hostage pain
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_06b.wav=training train bombplantbfail b
sound/doors/de_bank_doors_move_02.wav=door de bank move
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_09.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_05b.wav=training train bombplantbfail b
sound/doors/sugarcane_lift_gate_close_01.wav=doors construction lift close
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_509_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/buttons/coop_apc_lever.wav=coop apc gate lever
sound/coop_radio/m2_finish.wav=coop radio m finish
sound/commander/train_mainintro_01a.wav=training train mainintro a
sound/items/battery_pickup.wav=battery pickup
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_28.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/commander/train_failure_02.wav=training train failure
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_04b.wav=training train bombplantbfail b
sound/coop_radio/m1_forklift_idle_01.wav=coop radio m forklift idle
sound/coop_radio/m1_forklift_idle_03.wav=coop radio m forklift idle
sound/buttons/button22.wav=button
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_22.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_15.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/ambient/misc/hammer1.wav=hammer
sound/coop_radio/m1_forklift_idle_02.wav=coop radio m forklift idle
sound/commander/train_failure_01.wav=training train failure
sound/commander/train_activetestingintro_03.wav=training train activetestingintro
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_blackgold_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start blackgold
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_30.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/player/pl_pain5.wav=pl pain
sound/commander/train_failuretime_02.wav=training train failuretime
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_17.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_07.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/doors/de_bank_doors_move_01.wav=door de bank move
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_18.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/commander/train_burstblockerteststart_02.wav=training train burstblockerteststart
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/m1_heal.wav=coop radio m heal
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_508_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_29.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/ambient/misc/car1.wav=car
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_23.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_13.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_27.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/items/suitchargeno1.wav=suitchargeno
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_20.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/player/damage3.wav=player fall damage
sound/hostage/hunuse/yeahillstay.wav=yea ill ill just stay here
sound/items/nvg_off.wav=nvg off
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_11.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/player/heartbeat1.wav=heartbeat
sound/coop_radio/m2_stay_close.wav=coop radio m stay close
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_10.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/player/neck_snap_01.wav=neck snap
sound/items/nvg_on.wav=c explode trigger trip
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_12.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/hostage/huse/hostage_drop.wav=hostage drop
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_04c.wav=training train bombplantbfail c
sound/commander/commander_comment_20.wav=training commander comment
sound/common/warning.wav=hud quick info low ammo
sound/commander/train_flashbangcompleted_03.wav=training train flashbangcompleted
sound/animation/jets/jet_distant_05.wav=jet distant
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_07.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_26.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/commander/train_flashbangcompleted_02.wav=training train flashbangcompleted
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_chaos.mp3=op bloodhound turner chaos
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_headshot.mp3=op bloodhound turner headshot
sound/animation/jets/jet_distant_02.wav=jet distant
sound/animation/jets/jet_distant_03.wav=jet distant
sound/coop_radio/m3_closed_gate_04.wav=coop radio m closed gate
sound/animation/jets/jet_distant_04.wav=jet distant
sound/common/left.wav=default left
sound/animation/jets/jet_distant_06.wav=jet distant
sound/animation/jets/jet_distant_07.wav=jet distant
sound/doors/door_checkpoint_close1.wav=doors checkpoint full close
sound/commander/train_guntestcomplete_04.wav=training train guntestcomplete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_win_922.mp3=coop radio hydra hydra win
sound/radio/legacy_who_wants_some.wav=event bomb defused legacy
sound/radio/legacy_thats_the_way.wav=event bomb defused legacy
sound/radio/legacy_yea_baby.wav=event bomb defused legacy
sound/doors/door_squeek1.wav=doors move
sound/radio/legacy_way_to_be_team.wav=event bomb defused legacy
sound/radio/legacy_yesss.wav=event bomb defused legacy
sound/radio/legacy_yesss2.wav=event bomb defused legacy
sound/radio/legacy_whoo.wav=event bomb defused legacy
sound/coop_radio/m3_extraction.wav=coop radio m extraction
sound/buttons/lever7.wav=lever
sound/commander/train_grenadetestactive_05.wav=training train grenadetestactive
sound/commander/train_grenadetestactive_04.wav=training train grenadetestactive
sound/commander/train_grenadetestactive_03.wav=training train grenadetestactive
sound/commander/train_grenadetestactive_02.wav=training train grenadetestactive
sound/commander/train_idtestcompleted_012.wav=training train idtestcompleted wav
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_514_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/coop_radio/mx_hard.wav=coop radio mx hard
sound/commander/train_grenadetestactive_01.wav=training train grenadetestactive
sound/player/bhit_helmet-1.wav=player damage helmet
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_blunt_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria blunt turner
sound/hostage/hunuse/dontleaveme.wav=dont leave me
sound/vehicles/loud_helicopter_lp_01.wav=helicopter main training
sound/coop_radio/m3_mission_end.wav=coop radio m mission end
sound/coop_radio/m3_see_apc_02_alt01.wav=coop radio m see apc alt
sound/radio/legacy_this_is_my_house.wav=event bomb defused legacy
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_win_930.mp3=coop radio hydra hydra win
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_win_916.mp3=coop radio hydra hydra win
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/campaign/op07/op07_825.mp3=op
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_19.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/hostage/huse/hostage_pickup.wav=hostage pick up
sound/ambient/misc/hammer2.wav=hammer
sound/commander/new_goodbye01.wav=training new goodbye
sound/ambient/misc/equipment_stress2.wav=equipment stress
sound/doors/metal_door_move_02.wav=door de sugarcane move
sound/doors/handle_pushbar_locked1.wav=door handles locked
sound/training/startwam.wav=tr startwam
sound/coop_radio/m1_forget_kincaide.wav=coop radio m forget kincaide
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_general_14.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start general
sound/radio/hosdown.wav=event hostage killed
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_527_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/commander/train_flashbangfail_01b.wav=training train flashbangfail b
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_520_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_517_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_526_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/animation/jets/jet_distant_01.wav=jet distant
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_525_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimercomplete_01.wav=training train bodydamagetimercomplete
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_524_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_522_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/coop_radio/mx_wave_completed_05.wav=coop radio mx wave completed
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_521_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_519_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_mid_mission_10.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian mid mission
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_516_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_501_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_515_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/commander/train_burstteststart_01.wav=train burstteststart
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_511_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_510_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_506_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_505_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_504_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_503_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_resources.mp3=op bloodhound valeria resources
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_513_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_507_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_528_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_502_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien radio
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_mirage_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start mirage
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_521_new_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien new radio
sound/doors/pushbardoor_open.wav=world underground push bar open
sound/player/pl_pain7.wav=pl pain
sound/player/pl_pain6.wav=pl pain
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_526_new_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien new radio
sound/ambient/misc/metal_rattle3.wav=metal rattle
sound/ambient/misc/metal_rattle1.wav=metal rattle
sound/ambient/misc/metal_rattle4.wav=metal rattle
sound/player/pl_respawn.wav=player respawn
sound/coop_radio/m1_briefing.wav=coop radio m briefing
sound/coop_radio/m2_briefing.wav=coop radio m briefing
sound/commander/train_flashbangintro_01b.wav=training train flashbangintro b
sound/commander/train_idtestcompleted_01.wav=training train idtestcompleted
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_site_b_02.wav=coop radio m bomb site b
sound/coop_radio/m3_closed_gate_05.wav=coop radio m closed gate
sound/coop_radio/m1_forklift_idle_02_alt01.wav=coop radio m forklift idle alt
sound/training/countdown.wav=tr countdown
sound/common/step_test_loop.wav=test step
sound/doors/vent_open2.wav=doors locker shut
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_loyalty.mp3=op bloodhound valeria loyalty
sound/coop_radio/mx_encouragement_04.wav=coop radio mx encouragement
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_mirage_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start mirage
sound/commander/train_bodydamageheadshot_01b.wav=training train bodydamageheadshot b
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_mirage_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start mirage
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_mirage_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start mirage
sound/player/damage1.wav=player fall damage
sound/player/damage2.wav=player fall damage
sound/player/headshot1.wav=player death head shot
sound/commander/train_guntestcomplete_03.wav=training train guntestcomplete
sound/commander/train_guntestcomplete_02.wav=training train guntestcomplete
sound/commander/train_guntestcomplete_01.wav=training train guntestcomplete
sound/commander/train_grenadetestactive_06.wav=training train grenadetestactive
sound/commander/train_guntestcomplete_05.wav=training train guntestcomplete
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_goes_off_01_alt01.wav=coop radio m bomb goes off alt
sound/commander/new_metal07.wav=training new metal
sound/commander/new_metal04.wav=training new metal
sound/commander/new_metal02.wav=training new metal
sound/commander/new_metal05.wav=training new metal
sound/commander/new_metal01.wav=training new metal
sound/commander/new_metal06.wav=training new metal
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_goes_off_04.wav=coop radio m bomb goes off
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_goes_off_01.wav=coop radio m bomb goes off
sound/coop_radio/m3_bomb_goes_off_02.wav=coop radio m bomb goes off
sound/doors/metal_door_open_01.wav=door de sugarcane unlock
sound/ambient/fallscream.wav=fallscream
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_908.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_elysee_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria elysee turner
sound/ambient/misc/clank1.wav=clank
sound/ambient/misc/clank2.wav=clank
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_907.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/ambient/misc/clank4.wav=clank
sound/hostage/hpain/hpain1.wav=aaah
sound/hostage/hpain/hpain6.wav=aaah
sound/hostage/hpain/hpain5.wav=aaah
sound/hostage/hpain/hpain3.wav=aaah
sound/hostage/hpain/hpain2.wav=aaah
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_dust2_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start dust
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_dust2_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start dust
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_dust2_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start dust
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_dust2_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start dust
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_dust2_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start dust
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_fear_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria fear turner
sound/items/equip_nvg.wav=equip nvg
sound/items/ammopickup.wav=ammopickup
sound/doors/garage_move1.wav=garage move
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_cobble_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria cobble turner
sound/campaign/bloodhound/booth/op_bloodhound_booth_531_radio.mp3=op bloodhound booth radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/booth/op_bloodhound_booth_529_radio.mp3=op bloodhound booth radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/booth/op_bloodhound_booth_530_radio.mp3=op bloodhound booth radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_fruitless_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria fruitless turner
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_two_sides.mp3=op bloodhound valeria two sides
sound/commander/train_flashbangmultifail_012.wav=training train flashbangmultifail wav
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_knife.mp3=op bloodhound valeria knife
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_04.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_14.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_26.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_10.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_22.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_15.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_28.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_27.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_23.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_01.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_02.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_11.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_08.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_16.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_20.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_12.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_journalist_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria journalist turner
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_13.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_07.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_09.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_21.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_05.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_25.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_19.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_17.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_03.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_24.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_18.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/commander/train_activetestingcomplete_06.wav=training train activetestingcomplete
sound/buttons/combine_button7.wav=combine button
sound/buttons/combine_button3.wav=combine button
sound/buttons/combine_button1.wav=combine button
sound/buttons/combine_button5.wav=combine button
sound/buttons/combine_button2.wav=combine button
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_meet_mentor.mp3=op bloodhound valeria meet mentor
sound/common/use_deny.wav=use deny
sound/ambient/mirame_radio_thru_wall.wav=mirame radio thru wall
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_bank_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria bank turner
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_booth.mp3=op bloodhound valeria booth
sound/commander/train_guntestwait_013.wav=training train guntestwait wav
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_win_916.mp3=hydra win
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_canals_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start canals
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_win_922.mp3=hydra win
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_win_930.mp3=hydra win
sound/training/bell_normal.wav=tr bell normal
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_48.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_valeria.mp3=op bloodhound turner valeria
sound/doors/default_locked.wav=door sound default locked
sound/commander/train_bombplantbdefusing_01.wav=training train bombplantbdefusing
sound/commander/train_flashbangstart_01.wav=train flashbangstart
sound/commander/train_flashbangnotflashed_01.wav=training train flashbangnotflashed
sound/commander/train_bombplantbfail_01.wav=training train bombplantbfail
sound/coop_radio/m3_start_apc.wav=coop radio m start apc
sound/commander/train_bodydamagelegshot_05b.wav=training train bodydamagelegshot b
sound/common/null.wav=music start action valve csgo
sound/player/pl_drown2.wav=pl drown
sound/player/pl_drown1.wav=pl drown
sound/player/pl_drown3.wav=pl drown
sound/animation/jets/jet_sonicboom_01.wav=jet sonicboom
sound/animation/jets/jet_sonicboom_02.wav=jet sonicboom
sound/animation/jets/jet_sonicboom_03.wav=jet sonicboom
sound/coop_radio/m1_helicopter.wav=coop radio m helicopter
sound/player/suit_sprint.wav=suit sprint
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_message.mp3=op bloodhound valeria message
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_shipped_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start shipped
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_shipped_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start shipped
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_shipped_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start shipped
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_shipped_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start shipped
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_shipped_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start shipped
sound/player/land4.wav=land
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_07.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_10.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/campaign/bloodhound/booth/op_bloodhound_booth_531_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound booth turner radio
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_austria_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start austria
sound/commander/train_guntestcomplete_052.wav=training train guntestcomplete wav
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_06.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_09.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_heavy_08.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian heavy
sound/player/kevlar1.wav=player burn damage kevlar
sound/player/kevlar2.wav=player burn damage kevlar
sound/player/kevlar3.wav=player burn damage kevlar
sound/player/kevlar4.wav=player burn damage kevlar
sound/player/kevlar5.wav=player burn damage kevlar
sound/coop_radio/m3_open_1st_gate_02.wav=coop radio m open st gate
sound/ambient/misc/techno_overpass.wav=de overpass techno
sound/coop_radio/m3_open_1st_gate_01.wav=coop radio m open st gate
sound/ambient/misc/wood1.wav=wood
sound/ambient/misc/clank3.wav=clank
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_918.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_912.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_926.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_928.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_925.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_923.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_922.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_921.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_920.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_917.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_916.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_914.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_flames.mp3=op bloodhound valeria flames
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_913.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_911.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_909.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimercomplete_02b.wav=training train bodydamagetimercomplete b
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_906.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_905.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_903.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_902.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_904.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_929.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_901.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_919.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_930.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_910.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_924.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_927.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/ambient/misc/shutter8.wav=shutter
sound/ambient/misc/brass_bell_f.wav=brass bell f
sound/ambient/misc/shutter2.wav=shutter
sound/ambient/misc/shutter1.wav=shutter
sound/common/right.wav=default right
sound/ambient/misc/shutter4.wav=shutter
sound/ambient/misc/shutter5.wav=shutter
sound/ambient/misc/shutter7.wav=shutter
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_role_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria role turner
sound/ambient/misc/shutter3.wav=shutter
sound/buttons/lever4.wav=buttons snd
sound/ambient/misc/shutter6.wav=shutter
sound/ambient/flamenco.wav=flamenco
sound/items/flashlight1.wav=flashlight
sound/player/pl_burnpain1.wav=pl burnpain
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_blackgold_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start blackgold
sound/commander/train_idtestfailed_012.wav=training train idtestfailed wav
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_missions_intro.mp3=hydra missions intro
sound/commander/train_activetestingintro_02.wav=training train activetestingintro
sound/commander/train_activetestingintro_01.wav=training train activetestingintro
sound/ambient/opera.wav=opera
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_maghreb_turner.mp3=op bloodhound valeria maghreb turner
sound/coop_radio/mx_time_out_02.wav=coop radio mx time out
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_514_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_505_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_525_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_521_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_520_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_517_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_513_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_512_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/doors/heavy_metal_move1.wav=heavy metal move
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_506_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_504_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/campaign/bloodhound/sebastien/op_bloodhound_sebastien_516_turner_radio.mp3=op bloodhound sebastien turner radio
sound/doors/urb_4b_elevator_open.wav=doors elevator open
sound/radio/legacy_well_done.wav=legacy well done
sound/commander/train_failuretime_01.wav=train failuretime
sound/doors/default_move.wav=door sound default move
sound/doors/door_latch1.wav=door latch
sound/ambient/misc/metal_str4.wav=metal str
sound/ambient/misc/metal_str3.wav=metal str
sound/ambient/misc/metal_str5.wav=metal str
sound/buttons/arena_switch_press_02.wav=arena switch press
sound/ambient/misc/metal_str1.wav=metal str
sound/ambient/misc/metal_str2.wav=metal str
sound/doors/door_metal_gate_move1.wav=boxcar door move
sound/common/bugreporter_succeeded.wav=bugreporter succeeded
sound/doors/door1_stop.wav=doors full open
sound/doors/door_chainlink_close1.wav=doors full open
sound/doors/door_metal_large_open1.wav=doors full open
sound/doors/door_metal_medium_open1.wav=doors full open
sound/doors/door_metal_large_close2.wav=doors full open
sound/doors/door_metal_gate_close1.wav=doors full open
sound/ambient/latin.wav=latin
sound/ambient/misc/rock1.wav=rock
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_rebirth.mp3=op bloodhound valeria rebirth
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_02.wav=coop radio mx ally down
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_03.wav=coop radio mx ally down
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_04.wav=coop radio mx ally down
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_01.wav=coop radio mx ally down
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_05.wav=coop radio mx ally down
sound/hostage/huse/letsgo.wav=lets go
sound/commander/train_idtestwaiting_01.wav=training train idtestwaiting
sound/commander/train_idtestwaiting_02.wav=training train idtestwaiting
sound/coop_radio/m1_tents.wav=coop radio m tents
sound/training/gallery_stop.wav=tr gallery stop
sound/coop_radio/m3_1st_wave_clear.wav=coop radio m st wave clear
sound/common/beep.wav=beep
sound/coop_radio/m3_start_escape.wav=coop radio m start escape
sound/items/ammo_pickup.wav=ammo pickup
sound/doors/sugarcane_lift_gate_open_01.wav=doors construction lift open
sound/commander/train_grenadetestcompletebad_01.wav=training train grenadetestcompletebad
sound/commander/train_idteststart_actual_01.wav=train idteststart actual
sound/doors/doorstop1.wav=doors full close
sound/doors/door_metal_large_chamber_close1.wav=doors full close
sound/doors/door_chainlink_close2.wav=doors full close
sound/doors/door_wood_close1.wav=doors full close
sound/doors/wood_stop1.wav=doors full close
sound/doors/door_metal_medium_close1.wav=doors full close
sound/doors/default_stop.wav=doors full close
sound/doors/metal_stop1.wav=doors full close
sound/campaign/hydra/hydra_mission_intro_915.mp3=hydra mission intro
sound/player/geiger3.wav=geiger
sound/player/geiger1.wav=geiger
sound/player/geiger2.wav=geiger
sound/hostage/huse/youlead.wav=okay you lead the way
sound/ambient/misc/engine1.wav=engine
sound/items/suitcharge1.wav=suitcharge
sound/vehicles/insertion/helicopter.wav=insertion helicopter
sound/doors/metal_door_full_close_01.wav=door de sugarcane full close
sound/doors/metal_door_full_close_02.wav=door de sugarcane full close
sound/radio/terwin.wav=event ter win
sound/items/medcharge4.wav=medcharge
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_journalist.mp3=op bloodhound turner journalist
sound/ambient/waterrun.wav=waterrun
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_dropped.wav=coop radio m kincaide dropped
sound/player/pl_fallpain1.wav=pl fallpain
sound/player/pl_fallpain3.wav=pl fallpain
sound/campaign/op07/op07_802.mp3=op
sound/commander/train_grenadeteststart_03.wav=training train grenadeteststart
sound/commander/train_grenadeteststart_02.wav=training train grenadeteststart
sound/commander/train_grenadeteststart_01.wav=training train grenadeteststart
sound/campaign/wildfire/m3_imogen_taunt_01.wav=coop radio m imogen taunt
sound/commander/train_misc_02.wav=training train misc
sound/commander/train_misc_01.wav=training train misc
sound/vehicles/insertion/van1_terrorist.wav=insertion van terrorist
sound/vehicles/insertion/van2_terrorist.wav=insertion van terrorist
sound/player/pl_wade2.wav=base entity exit water
sound/items/defuser_equip.wav=defuser equip
sound/commander/train_bombplantintro_02.wav=training train bombplantintro
sound/commander/train_bombplantintro_03.wav=training train bombplantintro
sound/commander/train_bombplantintro_01.wav=training train bombplantintro
sound/items/healthshot_prepare_01.wav=healthshot prepare
sound/ambient/misc/flush1.wav=flush
sound/commander/train_flashbangcompleted_05.wav=training train flashbangcompleted
sound/doors/garage_stop1.wav=garage stop
sound/commander/train_guntestwait_03_b.wav=training train guntestwait b
sound/commander/train_guntestwait_01_b.wav=training train guntestwait b
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_rescue.wav=coop radio m kincaide rescue
sound/items/itempickup.wav=base combat character ammo pickup
sound/vehicles/apc_stop_then_idle_loop.wav=coop apc stop idle loop
sound/ambient/misc/ambulance1.wav=ambulance
sound/vehicles/insertion/van_police.wav=insertion van police
sound/training/highscore.wav=tr highscore
sound/commander/train_bodydamageheadshot_03.wav=training train bodydamageheadshot
sound/hostage/huse/letsmove.wav=right lets move
sound/buttons/bell1.wav=gun game weapon level up
sound/coop_radio/m1_train.wav=coop radio m train
sound/doors/doormove2.wav=doors move
sound/commander/new_sportposs03.wav=training new sportposs
sound/commander/new_sportposs02.wav=training new sportposs
sound/commander/new_sportposs01.wav=training new sportposs
sound/player/pl_shell1.wav=bounce rifle shell
sound/player/pl_shell2.wav=bounce rifle shell
sound/player/pl_shell3.wav=bounce rifle shell
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimerstart_013.wav=training train bodydamagetimerstart wav
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimerstart_014.wav=training train bodydamagetimerstart wav
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimerstart_012.wav=training train bodydamagetimerstart wav
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimerstart_016.wav=training train bodydamagetimerstart wav
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimerstart_018.wav=training train bodydamagetimerstart wav
sound/commander/train_bodydamagetimerstart_017.wav=training train bodydamagetimerstart wav
sound/vehicles/insertion/swat.wav=insertion swat
sound/hostage/hunuse/illstayhere.wav=okay ill stay here
sound/vehicles/apc_ignition.wav=coop apc ignition
sound/coop_radio/m3_see_apc_02.wav=coop radio m see apc
sound/coop_radio/m3_see_apc_04.wav=coop radio m see apc
sound/coop_radio/m3_see_apc_03.wav=coop radio m see apc
sound/coop_radio/m3_see_apc_05.wav=coop radio m see apc
sound/coop_radio/m3_see_apc_01.wav=coop radio m see apc
sound/ambient/misc/toilet_refill_loop.wav=toilet refill loop
sound/commander/train_mainintro_01a3.wav=training train mainintro a wav
sound/commander/train_mainintro_01a2.wav=training train mainintro a wav
sound/commander/train_flashbangstart_02.wav=training train flashbangstart
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_19_alt01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete alt
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_34_alt01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete alt
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_thrill_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start thrill
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_thrill_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start thrill
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_thrill_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start thrill
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_thrill_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start thrill
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_thrill_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start thrill
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_panic_02.wav=coop radio m kincaide panic
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_panic_03.wav=coop radio m kincaide panic
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_panic_01.wav=coop radio m kincaide panic
sound/coop_radio/m1_kincaide_panic_04.wav=coop radio m kincaide panic
sound/player/land.wav=default land
sound/player/land2.wav=default land
sound/commander/train_mainintro_01.wav=training train mainintro
sound/doors/office_garage_door_arrive_01.wav=doors garage office arrive
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_31.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/ambient/misc/metal3.wav=metal
sound/ambient/misc/metal9.wav=metal
sound/ambient/misc/metal2.wav=metal
sound/ambient/misc/metal6.wav=metal
sound/ambient/misc/metal7.wav=metal
sound/training/lowscore.wav=tr low score
sound/doors/gate_move1.wav=doors manhole move
sound/training/light_on.wav=tr light on
sound/common/rearright.wav=default rear right
sound/radio/hostagecompromised.wav=event hostage touched
sound/doors/medkit_doors_open.wav=doors medkit cabinet
sound/player/ammo_pack_use.wav=ammo pack use
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_42.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_headshot_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start headshot
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_headshot_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start headshot
sound/ambient/misc/police1.wav=police
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_headshot_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start headshot
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_headshot_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start headshot
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_headshot_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start headshot
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_train_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start train
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_train_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start train
sound/common/frontleft.wav=default front left
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_train_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start train
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_open_house.mp3=op bloodhound valeria open house
sound/doors/hit_kickmetaldoor1.wav=doors glass pound
sound/coop_radio/m1_hostage.wav=coop radio m hostage
sound/vehicles/apc_drive_loop.wav=coop apc drive loop
sound/buttons/latchunlocked2.wav=bot edit switch off
sound/commander/train_guntestwait_014.wav=training train guntestwait wav
sound/commander/train_guntestwait_012.wav=training train guntestwait wav
sound/commander/train_bodydamageoutofammo_03.wav=training train bodydamageoutofammo
sound/commander/train_bodydamageoutofammo_02.wav=training train bodydamageoutofammo
sound/commander/train_bodydamageoutofammo_01.wav=training train bodydamageoutofammo
sound/training/scoreregular.wav=tr score regular
sound/doors/door_metal_rusty_move1.wav=doors move
sound/doors/door_metal_thin_move1.wav=doors move
sound/doors/doormove1.wav=doors move
sound/doors/door1_move.wav=doors move
sound/buttons/blip1.wav=edit mark unnamed enable
sound/doors/door_screen_move1.wav=doors move
sound/doors/heavy_metal_stop1.wav=metal seafloor car bullet impact
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_13.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_39.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_43.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_17.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_50.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_01.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_26.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_win_912.mp3=coop radio hydra hydra win
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_11.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_08.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_14.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_44.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_18.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/campaign/bloodhound/valeria/op_bloodhound_valeria_smg.mp3=op bloodhound valeria smg
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_30.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_27.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_33.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/radio/ctwin.wav=event ct win
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_15.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_19.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/doors/office_garage_door_arrive_02.wav=doors garage office arrive
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_40.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_38.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_37.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_28.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_21.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_09.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_47.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_35.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_06.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_29.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_36.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_45.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_49.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_20.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_12.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_34.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_32.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_24.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_23.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_22.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/common/pink_noise_mono_loop.wav=test noise
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_41.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_16.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_46.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/commander/commander_comment_06.wav=training commander comment
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_25.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_complete_10.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian complete
sound/commander/new_course14.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course01.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course08.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course02.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course05.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course12.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course06.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course09.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course13.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course07.wav=training new course
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_01_alt01.wav=coop radio mx ally down alt
sound/commander/new_course03.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course04.wav=training new course
sound/commander/new_course10.wav=training new course
sound/vehicles/insertion/boat.wav=insertion boat
sound/commander/train_bodydamageheadshot_04.wav=training train bodydamageheadshot
sound/commander/train_bodydamageheadshot_05.wav=training train bodydamageheadshot
sound/hostage/huse/hostage_cut_free_with_defuser.wav=hostage cut free with defuser
sound/commander/train_bodydamageheadshot_02.wav=training train bodydamageheadshot
sound/commander/train_bodydamageheadshot_06.wav=training train bodydamageheadshot
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_05.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_06.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_08.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_09.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_07.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_10.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_weapon_04.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start weapon
sound/coop_radio/m1_gun_check.wav=coop radio m gun check
sound/doors/metal_door_full_open_02.wav=door de nuke full open
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_05_alt.wav=coop radio mx ally down alt
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_04_alt.wav=coop radio mx ally down alt
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_03_alt.wav=coop radio mx ally down alt
sound/coop_radio/mx_ally_down_01_alt.wav=coop radio mx ally down alt
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_blackgold_03.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start blackgold
sound/coop_radio/hydra/hydra_guardian_start_blackgold_02.wav=coop radio hydra hydra guardian start blackgold
sound/campaign/op07/op07_826.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_710.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_815.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_707.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_810.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_728.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_824.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_823.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_822.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_821.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_820.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_817.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_816.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_814.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_813.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_808.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_807.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_806.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_805.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_804.mp3=op
sound/campaign/bloodhound/turner/op_bloodhound_turner_underhill.mp3=op bloodhound turner underhill
sound/campaign/op07/op07_801.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_731.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_729.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_725.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_724.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_723.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_721.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_720.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_719.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_718.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_716.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_715.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_714.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_712.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_708.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_705.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_703.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_717.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_827.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_812.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_701.mp3=op
sound/campaign/op07/op07_704.mp3=op
realm=inferno
sound/ambient/inferno/window_09.wav=window
sound/ambient/inferno/interior_church.wav=interior church
sound/ambient/inferno/church_bell_01.wav=de inferno bell
sound/ambient/inferno/water_stream_01.wav=water stream
sound/ambient/inferno/house_creak_01.wav=house creak
sound/ambient/inferno/house_creak_02.wav=house creak
sound/ambient/inferno/house_creak_03.wav=house creak
sound/ambient/inferno/window_04.wav=window
sound/ambient/inferno/house_creak_05.wav=house creak
sound/ambient/inferno/church_02.wav=church
sound/ambient/inferno/cicadas.wav=cicadas
sound/ambient/inferno/window_06.wav=window
sound/ambient/inferno/exterior_01.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/inferno/bees_04.wav=bees
sound/ambient/inferno/bees_05.wav=bees
sound/ambient/inferno/exterior_04.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/inferno/bees_02.wav=bees
sound/ambient/inferno/bees_01.wav=bees
sound/ambient/inferno/church_05.wav=church
sound/ambient/inferno/church_01.wav=church
sound/ambient/inferno/church_04.wav=church
sound/ambient/inferno/church_03.wav=church
sound/ambient/inferno/window_01.wav=window
sound/ambient/inferno/window_07.wav=window
sound/ambient/inferno/window_02.wav=window
sound/ambient/inferno/window_05.wav=window
sound/ambient/inferno/window_03.wav=window
sound/ambient/inferno/exterior_06.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/inferno/exterior_05.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/inferno/exterior_02.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/inferno/exterior_03.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/inferno/inferno_radio_01.wav=de inferno radio
sound/ambient/inferno/exterior_07.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/inferno/bees_03.wav=bees
sound/ambient/inferno/house_creak_06.wav=house creak
sound/ambient/inferno/water_wheel_01.wav=water wheel
sound/ambient/inferno/house_creak_04.wav=house creak
realm=energy
sound/ambient/energy/spark6.wav=breakable computer
sound/ambient/energy/spark5.wav=breakable computer
sound/ambient/energy/zap8.wav=really loud spark
sound/ambient/energy/zap1.wav=really loud spark
sound/ambient/energy/zap7.wav=really loud spark
sound/ambient/energy/zap3.wav=really loud spark
sound/ambient/energy/weld1.wav=container sparks
sound/ambient/energy/electric_loop.wav=weapon dissolve charge
sound/ambient/energy/force_field_loop1.wav=force field loop
sound/ambient/energy/zap2.wav=really loud spark
sound/ambient/energy/zap5.wav=ambient electrical random zap
sound/ambient/energy/zap9.wav=ambient electrical zap
sound/ambient/energy/zap6.wav=ambient electrical random zap
sound/ambient/energy/weld2.wav=container sparks
realm=leet
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtodefendbombsite05.wav=leet going to defend bombsite
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source26.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_italy01.wav=leet tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/leet/inposition02.wav=leet in position
sound/player/vo/leet/lostenemy03.wav=leet lost enemy
sound/player/vo/leet/lostenemy02.wav=leet lost enemy
sound/player/vo/leet/scaredemote03.wav=leet scared emote
sound/player/vo/leet/lostenemy01.wav=leet lost enemy
sound/player/vo/leet/reportingin03.wav=leet reporting in
sound/player/vo/leet/reportingin01.wav=leet reporting in
sound/player/vo/leet/reportingin02.wav=leet reporting in
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo06.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo10.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo05.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo08.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo04.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo09.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo03.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo13.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo02.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo07.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo12.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo01.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_letsgo11.wav=leet radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoplantbomb03.wav=leet going to plant bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoplantbomb02.wav=leet going to plant bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoplantbomb01.wav=leet going to plant bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/negativeno04.wav=leet negative no
sound/player/vo/leet/negativeno03.wav=leet negative no
sound/player/vo/leet/peptalk04.wav=leet pep talk
sound/player/vo/leet/peptalk03.wav=leet pep talk
sound/player/vo/leet/peptalk07.wav=leet pep talk
sound/player/vo/leet/t_grenade05.wav=leet t grenade
sound/player/vo/leet/peptalk01.wav=leet pep talk
sound/player/vo/leet/sniperwarning02.wav=leet sniper warning
sound/player/vo/leet/sniperwarning01.wav=leet sniper warning
sound/player/vo/leet/sniperwarning03.wav=leet sniper warning
sound/player/vo/leet/sniperwarning04.wav=leet sniper warning
sound/player/vo/leet/enemydown05.wav=leet enemy down
sound/player/vo/leet/enemydown06.wav=leet enemy down
sound/player/vo/leet/enemydown08.wav=leet enemy down
sound/player/vo/leet/enemydown07.wav=leet enemy down
sound/player/vo/leet/enemydown03.wav=leet enemy down
sound/player/vo/leet/enemydown02.wav=leet enemy down
sound/player/vo/leet/enemydown04.wav=leet enemy down
sound/player/vo/leet/enemydown01.wav=leet enemy down
sound/player/vo/leet/killedfriend01.wav=leet killed friend
sound/player/vo/leet/killedfriend02.wav=leet killed friend
sound/player/vo/leet/killedfriend03.wav=leet killed friend
sound/player/vo/leet/lastmanstanding08.wav=leet last man standing
sound/player/vo/leet/lastmanstanding03.wav=leet last man standing
sound/player/vo/leet/lastmanstanding01.wav=leet last man standing
sound/player/vo/leet/lastmanstanding04.wav=leet last man standing
sound/player/vo/leet/lastmanstanding07.wav=leet last man standing
sound/player/vo/leet/lastmanstanding06.wav=leet last man standing
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot10.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot03.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot02.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot11.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot06.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot04.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot09.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot07.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot08.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot12.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/niceshot05.wav=leet nice shot
sound/player/vo/leet/help01.wav=leet help
sound/player/vo/leet/help04.wav=leet help
sound/player/vo/leet/help03.wav=leet help
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust01.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/bombtickingdown01.wav=leet bomb ticking down
sound/player/vo/leet/bombtickingdown05.wav=leet bomb ticking down
sound/player/vo/leet/bombtickingdown03.wav=leet bomb ticking down
sound/player/vo/leet/bombtickingdown02.wav=leet bomb ticking down
sound/player/vo/leet/coverme02.wav=leet cover me
sound/player/vo/leet/coverme01.wav=leet cover me
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendsolid01.wav=leet radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendsolid02.wav=leet radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendsolid06.wav=leet radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendsolid03.wav=leet radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendsolid04.wav=leet radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendsolid05.wav=leet radio bot end solid
sound/player/vo/leet/followingfriend01.wav=leet following friend
sound/player/vo/leet/followingfriend05.wav=leet following friend
sound/player/vo/leet/followingfriend02.wav=leet following friend
sound/player/vo/leet/followingfriend03.wav=leet following friend
sound/player/vo/leet/followingfriend04.wav=leet following friend
sound/player/vo/leet/clear02.wav=leet clear
sound/player/vo/leet/clear01.wav=leet clear
sound/player/vo/leet/friendlyfire07.wav=leet friendly fire
sound/player/vo/leet/friendlyfire03.wav=leet friendly fire
sound/player/vo/leet/friendlyfire04.wav=leet friendly fire
sound/player/vo/leet/friendlyfire08.wav=leet friendly fire
sound/player/vo/leet/friendlyfire06.wav=leet friendly fire
sound/player/vo/leet/friendlyfire01.wav=leet friendly fire
sound/player/vo/leet/sniperkilled03.wav=leet sniper killed
sound/player/vo/leet/sniperkilled04.wav=leet sniper killed
sound/player/vo/leet/sniperkilled01.wav=leet sniper killed
sound/player/vo/leet/sniperkilled02.wav=leet sniper killed
sound/player/vo/leet/disagree03.wav=leet disagree
sound/player/vo/leet/disagree04.wav=leet disagree
sound/player/vo/leet/disagree02.wav=leet disagree
sound/player/vo/leet/disagree01.wav=leet disagree
sound/player/vo/leet/blinded04.wav=leet blinded
sound/player/vo/leet/blinded01.wav=leet blinded
sound/player/vo/leet/blinded03.wav=leet blinded
sound/player/vo/leet/oneenemyleft02.wav=leet one enemy left
sound/player/vo/leet/oneenemyleft07.wav=leet one enemy left
sound/player/vo/leet/oneenemyleft10.wav=leet one enemy left
sound/player/vo/leet/oneenemyleft06.wav=leet one enemy left
sound/player/vo/leet/oneenemyleft05.wav=leet one enemy left
sound/player/vo/leet/oneenemyleft03.wav=leet one enemy left
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload07.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload10.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload01.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload09.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload03.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload08.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload04.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload06.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload05.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_locknload02.wav=leet radio locknload
sound/player/vo/leet/pinneddown02.wav=leet pinned down
sound/player/vo/leet/pinneddown04.wav=leet pinned down
sound/player/vo/leet/pinneddown03.wav=leet pinned down
sound/player/vo/leet/pinneddown01.wav=leet pinned down
sound/player/vo/leet/plantingbomb02.wav=leet planting bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/plantingbomb01.wav=leet planting bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobothold01.wav=leet radio bot hold
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobothold02.wav=leet radio bot hold
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobothold03.wav=leet radio bot hold
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotfallback01.wav=leet radio bot fall back
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotfallback02.wav=leet radio bot fall back
sound/player/vo/leet/affirmative01.wav=leet affirmative
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoguardhostages02.wav=leet going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/leet/affirmative02.wav=leet affirmative
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag05.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/guardinghostageescapezone03.wav=leet guarding hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/leet/t_smoke02.wav=leet t smoke
sound/player/vo/leet/t_smoke01.wav=leet t smoke
sound/player/vo/leet/t_smoke03.wav=leet t smoke
sound/player/vo/leet/incombat01.wav=leet in combat
sound/player/vo/leet/incombat06.wav=leet in combat
sound/player/vo/leet/incombat03.wav=leet in combat
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoplantbomba02.wav=leet going to plant bomba
sound/player/vo/leet/incombat05.wav=leet in combat
sound/player/vo/leet/incombat02.wav=leet in combat
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoplantbombb01.wav=leet going to plant bombb
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoplantbombb02.wav=leet going to plant bombb
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_bank01.wav=leet tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_bank02.wav=leet tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoguardhostageescapezone01.wav=leet going to guard hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_takingfire03.wav=leet radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust29.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust08.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust07.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust06.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust15.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust23.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust31.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust11.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust13.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust28.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust19.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust18.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/help02.wav=leet help
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust26.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust09.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust14.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust02.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust04.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust17.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust20.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust27.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust05.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust34.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust21.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust24.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust03.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust30.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust32.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust35.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust10.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust12.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust25.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotfallback04.wav=leet radio bot fall back
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_dust33.wav=leet tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_italy02.wav=leet tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/leet/guardinghostageescapezone02.wav=leet guarding hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoguardhostageescapezone03.wav=leet going to guard hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag06.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag12.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_takingfire07.wav=leet radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source62.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source12.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_takingfire04.wav=leet radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/leet/heardnoise03.wav=leet heard noise
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_takingfire02.wav=leet radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_takingfire06.wav=leet radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_takingfire05.wav=leet radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/leet/threeenemiesleft05.wav=leet three enemies left
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotregroup01.wav=leet radio bot regroup
sound/player/vo/leet/defendingbombsitea02.wav=leet defending bombsitea
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_enemyspotted05.wav=leet radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/leet/defendingbombsitea01.wav=leet defending bombsitea
sound/player/vo/leet/defendingbombsitea04.wav=leet defending bombsitea
sound/player/vo/leet/threeenemiesleft02.wav=leet three enemies left
sound/player/vo/leet/threeenemiesleft01.wav=leet three enemies left
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_enemyspotted06.wav=leet radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_enemyspotted04.wav=leet radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/leet/agree04.wav=leet agree
sound/player/vo/leet/defendingbombsitea03.wav=leet defending bombsitea
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_bank03.wav=leet tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/leet/twoenemiesleft01.wav=leet two enemies left
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=leet radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/leet/defendingbombsiteb01.wav=leet defending bombsiteb
sound/player/vo/leet/requestreport04.wav=leet request report
sound/player/vo/leet/requestreport03.wav=leet request report
sound/player/vo/leet/threeenemiesleft03.wav=leet three enemies left
sound/player/vo/leet/requestreport02.wav=leet request report
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=leet radio enemy spotted
sound/player/vo/leet/defendingbombsiteb04.wav=leet defending bombsiteb
sound/player/vo/leet/twoenemiesleft04.wav=leet two enemies left
sound/player/vo/leet/twoenemiesleft02.wav=leet two enemies left
sound/player/vo/leet/twoenemiesleft05.wav=leet two enemies left
sound/player/vo/leet/twoenemiesleft03.wav=leet two enemies left
sound/player/vo/leet/thanks02.wav=leet thanks
sound/player/vo/leet/t_molotov05.wav=leet t molotov
sound/player/vo/leet/requestreport01.wav=leet request report
sound/player/vo/leet/defendingbombsiteb05.wav=leet defending bombsiteb
sound/player/vo/leet/defendingbombsiteb02.wav=leet defending bombsiteb
sound/player/vo/leet/t_decoy02.wav=leet t decoy
sound/player/vo/leet/heardnoise01.wav=leet heard noise
sound/player/vo/leet/t_molotov02.wav=leet t molotov
sound/player/vo/leet/t_molotov01.wav=leet t molotov
sound/player/vo/leet/t_molotov04.wav=leet t molotov
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoplantbomba01.wav=leet going to plant bomba
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoplantbomba03.wav=leet going to plant bomba
sound/player/vo/leet/spottedloosebomb02.wav=leet spotted loose bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/spottedloosebomb01.wav=leet spotted loose bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/spottedloosebomb05.wav=leet spotted loose bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/spottedloosebomb07.wav=leet spotted loose bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/spottedloosebomb03.wav=leet spotted loose bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/spottedloosebomb06.wav=leet spotted loose bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/onmyway01.wav=leet on my way
sound/player/vo/leet/spottedloosebomb04.wav=leet spotted loose bomb
sound/player/vo/leet/clearedarea03.wav=leet cleared area
sound/player/vo/leet/clearedarea01.wav=leet cleared area
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag09.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/clearedarea02.wav=leet cleared area
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag08.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag03.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag02.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/affirmative03.wav=leet affirmative
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag04.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/negative01.wav=leet negative
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag10.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag07.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag11.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/onarollbrag01.wav=leet ona roll brag
sound/player/vo/leet/onmyway03.wav=leet on my way
sound/player/vo/leet/incombat04.wav=leet in combat
sound/player/vo/leet/onmyway02.wav=leet on my way
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec13.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec04.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec05.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec08.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec01.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec02.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec11.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec03.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/t_decoy01.wav=leet t decoy
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec12.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec07.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec09.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_de_aztec10.wav=leet tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/leet/t_death03.wav=leet t death
sound/player/vo/leet/t_death01.wav=leet t death
sound/player/vo/leet/t_death02.wav=leet t death
sound/player/vo/leet/t_grenade01.wav=leet t grenade
sound/player/vo/leet/t_grenade02.wav=leet t grenade
sound/player/vo/leet/t_grenade03.wav=leet t grenade
sound/player/vo/leet/t_flashbang03.wav=leet t flashbang
sound/player/vo/leet/t_flashbang04.wav=leet t flashbang
sound/player/vo/leet/t_flashbang01.wav=leet t flashbang
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_needbackup01.wav=leet radio need backup
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_needbackup02.wav=leet radio need backup
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_needbackup03.wav=leet radio need backup
sound/player/vo/leet/heardnoise02.wav=leet heard noise
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_needbackup04.wav=leet radio need backup
sound/player/vo/leet/thanks03.wav=leet thanks
sound/player/vo/leet/waitinghere02.wav=leet waiting here
sound/player/vo/leet/waitinghere01.wav=leet waiting here
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_office05.wav=leet tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_office01.wav=leet tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_office03.wav=leet tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_office04.wav=leet tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_office02.wav=leet tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_office06.wav=leet tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/leet/defendingbombsiteb03.wav=leet defending bombsiteb
sound/player/vo/leet/t_decoy03.wav=leet t decoy
sound/player/vo/leet/waitinghere03.wav=leet waiting here
sound/player/vo/leet/thanks04.wav=leet thanks
sound/player/vo/leet/agree05.wav=leet agree
sound/player/vo/leet/thanks01.wav=leet thanks
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendclean06.wav=leet radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendclean02.wav=leet radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendclean01.wav=leet radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendclean03.wav=leet radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendclean04.wav=leet radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotendclean05.wav=leet radio bot end clean
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotregroup02.wav=leet radio bot regroup
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source11.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source65.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source71.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source07.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source35.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source67.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/guardinghostageescapezone01.wav=leet guarding hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source53.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source02.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source66.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source28.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoguardhostageescapezone02.wav=leet going to guard hostage escape zone
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source36.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source09.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source13.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_takingfire01.wav=leet radio taking fire
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source32.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source73.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source22.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source63.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source54.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source33.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source23.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source14.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source10.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source03.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source37.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source74.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source55.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source24.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source08.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source43.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtodefendbombsite03.wav=leet going to defend bombsite
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source34.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source75.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source42.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source01.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source41.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source25.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/tmap_cs_source15.wav=leet tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoguardhostages04.wav=leet going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoguardhostages01.wav=leet going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtoguardhostages03.wav=leet going to guard hostages
sound/player/vo/leet/scaredemote02.wav=leet scared emote
sound/player/vo/leet/scaredemote07.wav=leet scared emote
sound/player/vo/leet/scaredemote05.wav=leet scared emote
sound/player/vo/leet/scaredemote01.wav=leet scared emote
sound/player/vo/leet/scaredemote04.wav=leet scared emote
sound/player/vo/leet/negative03.wav=leet negative
sound/player/vo/leet/negative04.wav=leet negative
sound/player/vo/leet/negative02.wav=leet negative
sound/player/vo/leet/agree06.wav=leet agree
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_followme06.wav=leet radio follow me
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_followme04.wav=leet radio follow me
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_followme02.wav=leet radio follow me
sound/player/vo/leet/radio_followme03.wav=leet radio follow me
sound/player/vo/leet/coveringfriend03.wav=leet covering friend
sound/player/vo/leet/coveringfriend02.wav=leet covering friend
sound/player/vo/leet/coveringfriend01.wav=leet covering friend
sound/player/vo/leet/guardinghostages05.wav=leet guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/leet/guardinghostages02.wav=leet guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/leet/guardinghostages04.wav=leet guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/leet/guardinghostages01.wav=leet guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/leet/guardinghostages03.wav=leet guarding hostages
sound/player/vo/leet/inposition03.wav=leet in position
sound/player/vo/leet/inposition01.wav=leet in position
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtodefendbombsite01.wav=leet going to defend bombsite
sound/player/vo/leet/goingtodefendbombsite02.wav=leet going to defend bombsite
sound/player/vo/leet/radiobotregroup03.wav=leet radio bot regroup
realm=weather
sound/ambient/weather/crucial_rumble_rain_nowind.wav=crucial rumble rain nowind
sound/ambient/weather/rain_interior_tinroof.wav=rain interior tinroof
sound/ambient/weather/aztec_int_rain_lp_01.wav=aztec int rain lp
sound/ambient/weather/thunder1.wav=thunder
sound/ambient/weather/thunderstorm/thunder_far_away_2.wav=weather thunder faraway all
sound/ambient/weather/rain_drip3.wav=rain drip
sound/ambient/weather/water_run1.wav=water run
sound/ambient/weather/office_outside_wind_01.wav=office outside wind
sound/ambient/weather/rain_drip1.wav=rain drip
sound/ambient/weather/rumble_rain.wav=rumble rain
sound/ambient/weather/drip1.wav=drip
sound/ambient/weather/rain_drip2.wav=rain drip
sound/ambient/weather/rain_drip5.wav=rain drip
sound/ambient/weather/rain_drip4.wav=rain drip
sound/ambient/weather/thunder3.wav=thunder
sound/ambient/weather/thunderstorm/thunder_3.wav=weather thunder
sound/ambient/weather/office_outside_wind_02.wav=office outside wind
sound/ambient/weather/thunderstorm/thunder_2.wav=weather thunder
sound/ambient/weather/thunderstorm/thunder_1.wav=weather thunder
sound/ambient/weather/crucial_rumble_rain.wav=crucial rumble rain
sound/ambient/weather/thunderstorm/thunder_far_away_1.wav=weather thunder faraway all
sound/ambient/weather/drip4.wav=drip
sound/ambient/weather/drip2.wav=drip
sound/ambient/weather/rumble_rain_nowind.wav=rumble rain nowind
sound/ambient/weather/drip3.wav=drip
sound/ambient/weather/thunder_distant_03.wav=thunder distant
sound/ambient/weather/thunder_distant_04.wav=thunder distant
sound/ambient/weather/thunder_distant_05.wav=thunder distant
sound/ambient/weather/aztec_rain_lp_01.wav=aztec rain lp
sound/ambient/weather/thunder2.wav=thunder
sound/ambient/weather/thunderstorm/lightning_strike_2.wav=weather lightning strike
sound/ambient/weather/thunderstorm/lightning_strike_1.wav=weather lightning strike
sound/ambient/weather/thunderstorm/lightning_strike_4.wav=weather lightning strike
sound/ambient/weather/thunderstorm/lightning_strike_3.wav=weather lightning strike
realm=gsg9
sound/player/vo/gsg9/goingtoguardloosebomb01.wav=gsg goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/twoenemiesleft05.wav=gsg twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/sniperwarning03.wav=gsg sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_molotov02.wav=gsg ct molotov
sound/player/vo/gsg9/scaredemote04.wav=gsg scaredemote
sound/player/vo/gsg9/lostenemy03.wav=gsg lostenemy
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotreponsenegative01.wav=gsg radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/waitingforhumantodefusebomb01.wav=gsg waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/heardnoise02.wav=gsg heardnoise
sound/player/vo/gsg9/heardnoise03.wav=gsg heardnoise
sound/player/vo/gsg9/heardnoise01.wav=gsg heardnoise
sound/player/vo/gsg9/inposition03.wav=gsg inposition
sound/player/vo/gsg9/inposition02.wav=gsg inposition
sound/player/vo/gsg9/inposition01.wav=gsg inposition
sound/player/vo/gsg9/pinneddown02.wav=gsg pinneddown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/pinneddown01.wav=gsg pinneddown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/pinneddown03.wav=gsg pinneddown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotfallback02.wav=gsg radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotfallback01.wav=gsg radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotfallback03.wav=gsg radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_followme02.wav=gsg radio followme
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_followme05.wav=gsg radio followme
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_followme03.wav=gsg radio followme
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_followme04.wav=gsg radio followme
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_followme01.wav=gsg radio followme
sound/player/vo/gsg9/threeenemiesleft02.wav=gsg threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/threeenemiesleft01.wav=gsg threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/threeenemiesleft04.wav=gsg threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/goingtoguardloosebomb02.wav=gsg goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/goingtoguardloosebomb03.wav=gsg goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/hostagedown03.wav=gsg hostagedown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/hostagedown02.wav=gsg hostagedown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/hostagedown05.wav=gsg hostagedown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/hostagedown01.wav=gsg hostagedown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/hostagedown04.wav=gsg hostagedown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/blinded01.wav=gsg blinded
sound/player/vo/gsg9/blinded02.wav=gsg blinded
sound/player/vo/gsg9/blinded03.wav=gsg blinded
sound/player/vo/gsg9/killedfriend01.wav=gsg killedfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/killedfriend03.wav=gsg killedfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/killedfriend02.wav=gsg killedfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/killedfriend04.wav=gsg killedfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobothostagesescort02.wav=gsg radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/gsg9/killedfriend05.wav=gsg killedfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/bombtickingdown01.wav=gsg bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onarollbrag08.wav=gsg onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gsg9/plantedbombplacesafe03.wav=gsg plantedbombplacesafe
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onarollbrag03.wav=gsg onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onarollbrag04.wav=gsg onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotregroup03.wav=gsg radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotregroup04.wav=gsg radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/gsg9/affirmative01.wav=gsg affirmative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotregroup01.wav=gsg radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/gsg9/followingfriend01.wav=gsg followingfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/theypickedupthebomb03.wav=gsg theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/followingfriend05.wav=gsg followingfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/followingfriend04.wav=gsg followingfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/followingfriend02.wav=gsg followingfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/guardingloosebomb01.wav=gsg guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/guardingloosebomb02.wav=gsg guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/noenemiesleftbomb01.wav=gsg noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/disagree01.wav=gsg disagree
sound/player/vo/gsg9/disagree04.wav=gsg disagree
sound/player/vo/gsg9/disagree02.wav=gsg disagree
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=gsg radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=gsg radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/gsg9/clearedarea02.wav=gsg clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gsg9/help03.wav=gsg help
sound/player/vo/gsg9/lastmanstanding01.wav=gsg lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/lastmanstanding08.wav=gsg lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/lastmanstanding05.wav=gsg lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/lastmanstanding04.wav=gsg lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/lastmanstanding02.wav=gsg lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/coveringfriend02.wav=gsg coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/coveringfriend03.wav=gsg coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/coveringfriend04.wav=gsg coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/coveringfriend01.wav=gsg coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/gsg9/help01.wav=gsg help
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_flashbang02.wav=gsg ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/gsg9/help02.wav=gsg help
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_flashbang03.wav=gsg ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/gsg9/reportingin03.wav=gsg reportingin
sound/player/vo/gsg9/reportingin01.wav=gsg reportingin
sound/player/vo/gsg9/reportingin02.wav=gsg reportingin
sound/player/vo/gsg9/clearedarea01.wav=gsg clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_enemyspotted05.wav=gsg radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/gsg9/clearedarea03.wav=gsg clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gsg9/clearedarea04.wav=gsg clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gsg9/thanks03.wav=gsg thanks
sound/player/vo/gsg9/thanks07.wav=gsg thanks
sound/player/vo/gsg9/affirmative03.wav=gsg affirmative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/defusingbomb03.wav=gsg defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/defusingbomb02.wav=gsg defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/defusingbomb01.wav=gsg defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/defusingbomb04.wav=gsg defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source21.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_grenade06.wav=gsg ct grenade
sound/player/vo/gsg9/waitingforhumantodefusebomb04.wav=gsg waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_death01.wav=gsg ct death
sound/player/vo/gsg9/peptalk04.wav=gsg peptalk
sound/player/vo/gsg9/peptalk01.wav=gsg peptalk
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedloosebomb02.wav=gsg spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedbomber05.wav=gsg spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedbomber04.wav=gsg spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedbomber01.wav=gsg spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedbomber02.wav=gsg spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gsg9/affirmative09.wav=gsg affirmative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/affirmative07.wav=gsg affirmative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/affirmative05.wav=gsg affirmative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/peptalk03.wav=gsg peptalk
sound/player/vo/gsg9/affirmative02.wav=gsg affirmative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/waitinghere02.wav=gsg waitinghere
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source82.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_grenade02.wav=gsg ct grenade
sound/player/vo/gsg9/waitinghere01.wav=gsg waitinghere
sound/player/vo/gsg9/noenemiesleftbomb04.wav=gsg noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/noenemiesleftbomb03.wav=gsg noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotregroup02.wav=gsg radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/gsg9/plantedbombplacesafe01.wav=gsg plantedbombplacesafe
sound/player/vo/gsg9/sniperkilled01.wav=gsg sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/gsg9/sniperkilled03.wav=gsg sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/gsg9/noenemiesleftbomb02.wav=gsg noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/agree01.wav=gsg agree
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotwait01.wav=gsg radiobotwait
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobothold01.wav=gsg radiobothold
sound/player/vo/gsg9/enemydown04.wav=gsg enemydown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/enemydown01.wav=gsg enemydown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/enemydown08.wav=gsg enemydown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/sniperkilled02.wav=gsg sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedloosebomb01.wav=gsg spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/scaredemote05.wav=gsg scaredemote
sound/player/vo/gsg9/plantedbombplacesafe02.wav=gsg plantedbombplacesafe
sound/player/vo/gsg9/enemydown06.wav=gsg enemydown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/enemydown07.wav=gsg enemydown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/enemydown03.wav=gsg enemydown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedloosebomb05.wav=gsg spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedloosebomb03.wav=gsg spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/requestreport03.wav=gsg requestreport
sound/player/vo/gsg9/thanks04.wav=gsg thanks
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedloosebomb04.wav=gsg spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/thanks01.wav=gsg thanks
sound/player/vo/gsg9/enemydown02.wav=gsg enemydown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/enemydown05.wav=gsg enemydown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_grenade03.wav=gsg ct grenade
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_death03.wav=gsg ct death
sound/player/vo/gsg9/waitinghere03.wav=gsg waitinghere
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source169.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source20.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source107.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source79.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source61.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source167.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source19.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source62.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source108.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source22.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source63.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source81.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source23.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/guardingloosebomb03.wav=gsg guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source168.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/waitingforhumantodefusebomb02.wav=gsg waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ctmap_cs_source106.wav=gsg ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/gsg9/requestreport02.wav=gsg requestreport
sound/player/vo/gsg9/requestreport01.wav=gsg requestreport
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobothostagesescort01.wav=gsg radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobothostagesescort03.wav=gsg radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/gsg9/incombat05.wav=gsg incombat
sound/player/vo/gsg9/waitingforhumantodefusebomb03.wav=gsg waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onarollbrag07.wav=gsg onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onarollbrag02.wav=gsg onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onarollbrag01.wav=gsg onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onarollbrag09.wav=gsg onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onarollbrag05.wav=gsg onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onarollbrag06.wav=gsg onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_death02.wav=gsg ct death
sound/player/vo/gsg9/oneenemyleft06.wav=gsg oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/oneenemyleft03.wav=gsg oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/oneenemyleft02.wav=gsg oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/oneenemyleft08.wav=gsg oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/oneenemyleft01.wav=gsg oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/theypickedupthebomb02.wav=gsg theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/theypickedupthebomb01.wav=gsg theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onmyway03.wav=gsg onmyway
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_needbackup03.wav=gsg radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_needbackup01.wav=gsg radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_needbackup02.wav=gsg radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/gsg9/negative02.wav=gsg negative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/negative03.wav=gsg negative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/negative01.wav=gsg negative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/negative04.wav=gsg negative
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_takingfire03.wav=gsg radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_takingfire04.wav=gsg radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_takingfire05.wav=gsg radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_takingfire01.wav=gsg radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_takingfire06.wav=gsg radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_takingfire02.wav=gsg radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_takingfire07.wav=gsg radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_decoy01.wav=gsg ct decoy
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_decoy03.wav=gsg ct decoy
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_decoy02.wav=gsg ct decoy
sound/player/vo/gsg9/whereisthebomb01.wav=gsg whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/whereisthebomb02.wav=gsg whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_grenade01.wav=gsg ct grenade
sound/player/vo/gsg9/coverme03.wav=gsg coverme
sound/player/vo/gsg9/coverme01.wav=gsg coverme
sound/player/vo/gsg9/spottedbomber03.wav=gsg spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gsg9/coverme02.wav=gsg coverme
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_smoke01.wav=gsg ct smoke
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_smoke02.wav=gsg ct smoke
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_smoke03.wav=gsg ct smoke
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_enemyspotted04.wav=gsg radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/gsg9/scaredemote01.wav=gsg scaredemote
sound/player/vo/gsg9/scaredemote03.wav=gsg scaredemote
sound/player/vo/gsg9/scaredemote02.wav=gsg scaredemote
sound/player/vo/gsg9/noenemiesleft02.wav=gsg noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/noenemiesleft04.wav=gsg noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_flashbang01.wav=gsg ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/gsg9/noenemiesleft03.wav=gsg noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/agree03.wav=gsg agree
sound/player/vo/gsg9/noenemiesleft05.wav=gsg noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/noenemiesleft01.wav=gsg noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/agree02.wav=gsg agree
sound/player/vo/gsg9/bombtickingdown03.wav=gsg bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onmyway01.wav=gsg onmyway
sound/player/vo/gsg9/onmyway02.wav=gsg onmyway
sound/player/vo/gsg9/lostenemy01.wav=gsg lostenemy
sound/player/vo/gsg9/lostenemy02.wav=gsg lostenemy
sound/player/vo/gsg9/friendlyfire06.wav=gsg friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/friendlyfire01.wav=gsg friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/friendlyfire05.wav=gsg friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/friendlyfire02.wav=gsg friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/friendlyfire03.wav=gsg friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/friendlyfire04.wav=gsg friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_bombexploding05.wav=gsg ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_bombexploding01.wav=gsg ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_bombexploding06.wav=gsg ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_bombexploding02.wav=gsg ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_bombexploding07.wav=gsg ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendsolid03.wav=gsg radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_bombexploding03.wav=gsg ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_bombexploding04.wav=gsg ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendclean01.wav=gsg radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendclean04.wav=gsg radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendclean03.wav=gsg radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendclean02.wav=gsg radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/gsg9/commanderdown03.wav=gsg commanderdown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/commanderdown01.wav=gsg commanderdown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/commanderdown02.wav=gsg commanderdown
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_molotov01.wav=gsg ct molotov
sound/player/vo/gsg9/ct_molotov03.wav=gsg ct molotov
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendclose04.wav=gsg radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendclose02.wav=gsg radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendclose01.wav=gsg radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendclose03.wav=gsg radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/gsg9/niceshot03.wav=gsg niceshot
sound/player/vo/gsg9/niceshot01.wav=gsg niceshot
sound/player/vo/gsg9/niceshot02.wav=gsg niceshot
sound/player/vo/gsg9/niceshot04.wav=gsg niceshot
sound/player/vo/gsg9/niceshot07.wav=gsg niceshot
sound/player/vo/gsg9/niceshot08.wav=gsg niceshot
sound/player/vo/gsg9/niceshot06.wav=gsg niceshot
sound/player/vo/gsg9/niceshot05.wav=gsg niceshot
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_letsgo04.wav=gsg radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_letsgo01.wav=gsg radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_letsgo05.wav=gsg radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_letsgo06.wav=gsg radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_letsgo02.wav=gsg radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_letsgo07.wav=gsg radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radio_letsgo03.wav=gsg radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobottime01.wav=gsg radiobottime
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobottime02.wav=gsg radiobottime
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobottime03.wav=gsg radiobottime
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendsolid02.wav=gsg radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendsolid01.wav=gsg radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobotendsolid04.wav=gsg radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobothold03.wav=gsg radiobothold
sound/player/vo/gsg9/radiobothold02.wav=gsg radiobothold
sound/player/vo/gsg9/incombat03.wav=gsg incombat
sound/player/vo/gsg9/incombat01.wav=gsg incombat
sound/player/vo/gsg9/incombat02.wav=gsg incombat
sound/player/vo/gsg9/incombat06.wav=gsg incombat
sound/player/vo/gsg9/incombat08.wav=gsg incombat
sound/player/vo/gsg9/incombat04.wav=gsg incombat
sound/player/vo/gsg9/bombsiteclear01.wav=gsg bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/gsg9/bombsiteclear03.wav=gsg bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/gsg9/bombsiteclear02.wav=gsg bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/gsg9/sniperwarning01.wav=gsg sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/gsg9/sniperwarning02.wav=gsg sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/gsg9/twoenemiesleft02.wav=gsg twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/twoenemiesleft04.wav=gsg twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/twoenemiesleft03.wav=gsg twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gsg9/twoenemiesleft01.wav=gsg twoenemiesleft
realm=professional
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer13.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseattacking06.wav=professional radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsecoverrequest01.wav=professional radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire09.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire04.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire02.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire11.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire10.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire01.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire03.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire08.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire06.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire07.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfire05.wav=professional radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobothold04.wav=professional radiobothold
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobothold03.wav=professional radiobothold
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobothold02.wav=professional radiobothold
sound/player/vo/professional/t_smoke04.wav=professional t smoke
sound/player/vo/professional/t_smoke03.wav=professional t smoke
sound/player/vo/professional/t_smoke05.wav=professional t smoke
sound/player/vo/professional/t_smoke01.wav=professional t smoke
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive05.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive02.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive04.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive06.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive09.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive10.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive07.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive03.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive08.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsepositive01.wav=professional radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotbombatsafe02.wav=professional radiobotbombatsafe
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotregroup02.wav=professional radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotbombatsafe01.wav=professional radiobotbombatsafe
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotbombatsafe03.wav=professional radiobotbombatsafe
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobothear05.wav=professional radiobothear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobothear04.wav=professional radiobothear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobothear01.wav=professional radiobothear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobothear06.wav=professional radiobothear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobothear03.wav=professional radiobothear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfirefriendly02.wav=professional radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotbombdefusing01.wav=professional radiobotbombdefusing
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobothear02.wav=professional radiobothear
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse23.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse25.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse10.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse26.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse29.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse19.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse06.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendclean11.wav=professional radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse09.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse18.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse24.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse05.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse08.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse27.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse17.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_boathouse07.wav=professional tmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggob01.wav=professional radiobotplantinggob
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggob02.wav=professional radiobotplantinggob
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggoc03.wav=professional radiobotplantinggoc
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart03.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart07.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart01.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart09.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart04.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart08.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart10.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart05.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart02.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotstart06.wav=professional radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot01.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot11.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot09.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot08.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot10.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot07.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot03.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot13.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot06.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot02.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot12.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot05.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotniceshot04.wav=professional radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/professional/inposition01.wav=professional inposition
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotbombdefusing02.wav=professional radiobotbombdefusing
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotbombdefusing05.wav=professional radiobotbombdefusing
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggo02.wav=professional radiobotplantinggo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggo01.wav=professional radiobotplantinggo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggo03.wav=professional radiobotplantinggo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguarding07.wav=professional radiobotguarding
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguarding01.wav=professional radiobotguarding
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguarding03.wav=professional radiobotguarding
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguarding05.wav=professional radiobotguarding
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguarding02.wav=professional radiobotguarding
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguarding04.wav=professional radiobotguarding
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguarding06.wav=professional radiobotguarding
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotclear05.wav=professional radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotclear02.wav=professional radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotclear03.wav=professional radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotclear06.wav=professional radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotclear07.wav=professional radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotclear01.wav=professional radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotclear04.wav=professional radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotquery04.wav=professional radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotquery02.wav=professional radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotquery03.wav=professional radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotquery01.wav=professional radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer03.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer01.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer11.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer02.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer10.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer08.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer09.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreport01.wav=professional radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer12.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotcheer06.wav=professional radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsecoverrequest05.wav=professional radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkill06.wav=professional radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_aztec06.wav=professional tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_aztec04.wav=professional tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguardingc01.wav=professional radiobotguardingc
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguardingc03.wav=professional radiobotguardingc
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotregroup01.wav=professional radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank03.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank35.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/waitinghere01.wav=professional waitinghere
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank33.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank36.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank05.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank11.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank02.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank07.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank30.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank29.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank15.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank09.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank20.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank24.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank06.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank38.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank34.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank01.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank23.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank12.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank32.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank37.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank08.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank04.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank31.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank10.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_bank25.wav=professional tmap de bank
sound/player/vo/professional/t_death06.wav=professional t death
sound/player/vo/professional/t_death01.wav=professional t death
sound/player/vo/professional/t_death04.wav=professional t death
sound/player/vo/professional/t_death05.wav=professional t death
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotregroup04.wav=professional radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/professional/t_death02.wav=professional t death
sound/player/vo/professional/t_death03.wav=professional t death
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfallback04.wav=professional radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfallback02.wav=professional radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggosafe02.wav=professional radiobotplantinggosafe
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfallback03.wav=professional radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/professional/t_grenade05.wav=professional t grenade
sound/player/vo/professional/t_decoy03.wav=professional t decoy
sound/player/vo/professional/t_grenade01.wav=professional t grenade
sound/player/vo/professional/t_grenade06.wav=professional t grenade
sound/player/vo/professional/t_grenade02.wav=professional t grenade
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggoc02.wav=professional radiobotplantinggoc
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative14.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative06.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotpostflash02.wav=professional radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative01.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendsolid02.wav=professional radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative03.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative08.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative12.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative16.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative07.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfallback05.wav=professional radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotgo08.wav=professional radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguardingc02.wav=professional radiobotguardingc
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotgo05.wav=professional radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotgo01.wav=professional radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotgo02.wav=professional radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotgo09.wav=professional radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative02.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/t_decoy02.wav=professional t decoy
sound/player/vo/professional/t_death07.wav=professional t death
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfirefriendly04.wav=professional radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotgo07.wav=professional radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreport04.wav=professional radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreport03.wav=professional radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreport07.wav=professional radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreport08.wav=professional radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreport05.wav=professional radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreport02.wav=professional radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreport06.wav=professional radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative10.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotgo06.wav=professional radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotpostflash01.wav=professional radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative19.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotgo04.wav=professional radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotpostflash03.wav=professional radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotpostflash04.wav=professional radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggoc01.wav=professional radiobotplantinggoc
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkill11.wav=professional radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkill08.wav=professional radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkill01.wav=professional radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkill04.wav=professional radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkill10.wav=professional radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkill07.wav=professional radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkill09.wav=professional radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/professional/t_decoy01.wav=professional t decoy
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendsolid08.wav=professional radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendsolid06.wav=professional radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendsolid07.wav=professional radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendsolid01.wav=professional radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendsolid04.wav=professional radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendsolid05.wav=professional radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggoa02.wav=professional radiobotplantinggoa
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggoa01.wav=professional radiobotplantinggoa
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillsniper05.wav=professional radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillsniper03.wav=professional radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillsniper04.wav=professional radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillsniper01.wav=professional radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillsniper02.wav=professional radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/professional/t_molotov11.wav=professional t molotov
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillsniper06.wav=professional radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsecoverrequest06.wav=professional radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/professional/t_molotov03.wav=professional t molotov
sound/player/vo/professional/t_molotov08.wav=professional t molotov
sound/player/vo/professional/t_molotov04.wav=professional t molotov
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseattacking04.wav=professional radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobottarget01.wav=professional radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobottarget06.wav=professional radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobottarget05.wav=professional radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobottarget08.wav=professional radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative09.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsenegative05.wav=professional radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsecoverrequest02.wav=professional radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsecoverrequest03.wav=professional radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponsecoverrequest04.wav=professional radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguardinga02.wav=professional radiobotguardinga
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguardinga03.wav=professional radiobotguardinga
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguardinga01.wav=professional radiobotguardinga
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseomw02.wav=professional radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseomw05.wav=professional radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseomw03.wav=professional radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseomw04.wav=professional radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseattacking08.wav=professional radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseattacking09.wav=professional radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseattacking05.wav=professional radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseattacking01.wav=professional radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseomw01.wav=professional radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/professional/t_molotov01.wav=professional t molotov
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseattacking07.wav=professional radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseattacking03.wav=professional radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotreponseattacking02.wav=professional radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/professional/reportingin01.wav=professional reportingin
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowyou01.wav=professional radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowyou02.wav=professional radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowyou05.wav=professional radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowyou03.wav=professional radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowyou04.wav=professional radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfiresniper02.wav=professional radiobotunderfiresniper
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfiresniper01.wav=professional radiobotunderfiresniper
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount10.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount02.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount19.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount05.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount03.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount09.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount16.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount12.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount21.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount27.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount04.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount13.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount22.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount07.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount25.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount18.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotgo03.wav=professional radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfiresniper04.wav=professional radiobotunderfiresniper
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount15.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotkillcount24.wav=professional radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfallback01.wav=professional radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggosafe03.wav=professional radiobotplantinggosafe
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office19.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfirefriendly01.wav=professional radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfirefriendly05.wav=professional radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfirefriendly06.wav=professional radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfirefriendly03.wav=professional radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotunderfirefriendly07.wav=professional radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/professional/coverme02.wav=professional coverme
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_unknown114wav.wav=tmap unknownwav
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobombsite03.wav=professional radiobombsite
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobombsite02.wav=professional radiobombsite
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobombsite01.wav=professional radiobombsite
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplanting02.wav=professional radiobotplanting
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplanting01.wav=professional radiobotplanting
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguardingb01.wav=professional radiobotguardingb
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplanting03.wav=professional radiobotplanting
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplanting06.wav=professional radiobotplanting
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplanting04.wav=professional radiobotplanting
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplanting05.wav=professional radiobotplanting
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplanting07.wav=professional radiobotplanting
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowme06.wav=professional radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowme03.wav=professional radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowme01.wav=professional radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowme04.wav=professional radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotfollowme02.wav=professional radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/professional/coverme01.wav=professional coverme
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_unknown109.wav=tmap unknown
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_unknown107.wav=tmap unknown
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office17.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office36.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office04.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office18.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office22.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office37.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotplantinggosafe01.wav=professional radiobotplantinggosafe
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office38.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_aztec05.wav=professional tmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office10.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office06.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office05.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office20.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_office21.wav=professional tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/professional/t_flashbang04.wav=professional t flashbang
sound/player/vo/professional/t_flashbang01.wav=professional t flashbang
sound/player/vo/professional/t_flashbang03.wav=professional t flashbang
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguardingb02.wav=professional radiobotguardingb
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotguardingb03.wav=professional radiobotguardingb
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house08.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house06.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house05.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house01.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house02.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house04.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house03.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house09.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house07.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_de_house14.wav=professional tmap de house
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendclean05.wav=professional radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendclean02.wav=professional radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendclean06.wav=professional radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendclean07.wav=professional radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendclean03.wav=professional radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendclean01.wav=professional radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendclean10.wav=professional radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/professional/radiobotendclean04.wav=professional radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy11.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy44.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy28.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy10.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy36.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy51.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy35.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy50.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy37.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy46.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy45.wav=professional tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/professional/tmap_cs_italy52.wav=professional tmap cs italy
realm=fbihrt
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothostagesshot05.wav=fbihrt radiobothostagesshot
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillsniper02.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_decoy01.wav=fbihrt ct decoy
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_decoy02.wav=fbihrt ct decoy
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_decoy03.wav=fbihrt ct decoy
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfollowyou04.wav=fbihrt radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotcheer04.wav=fbihrt radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotcheer03.wav=fbihrt radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotcheer08.wav=fbihrt radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotcheer05.wav=fbihrt radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotcheer01.wav=fbihrt radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotcheer02.wav=fbihrt radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_grenade01.wav=fbihrt ct grenade
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_grenade03.wav=fbihrt ct grenade
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_grenade02.wav=fbihrt ct grenade
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothold02.wav=fbihrt radiobothold
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothold03.wav=fbihrt radiobothold
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothold01.wav=fbihrt radiobothold
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponseomw03.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponseomw01.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponseomw02.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire05.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire01.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire08.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire02.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire06.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire04.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire03.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire10.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire09.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire07.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfire11.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotgo03.wav=fbihrt radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotgo02.wav=fbihrt radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotgo01.wav=fbihrt radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendsolid02.wav=fbihrt radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendsolid01.wav=fbihrt radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendsolid03.wav=fbihrt radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsecoverrequest05.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsecoverrequest01.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsecoverrequest04.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsecoverrequest02.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart03.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothear01.wav=fbihrt radiobothear
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothear03.wav=fbihrt radiobothear
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothear02.wav=fbihrt radiobothear
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive14.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive03.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive01.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive11.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive08.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive09.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive10.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive07.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive15.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive06.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive05.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive02.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive20.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive17.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive04.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsepositive18.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendclean01.wav=fbihrt radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendclean03.wav=fbihrt radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendclean05.wav=fbihrt radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendclean04.wav=fbihrt radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendclean02.wav=fbihrt radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendclean06.wav=fbihrt radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office38.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office26.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office47.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office22.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office23.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office15.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office03.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_flashbang02.wav=fbihrt ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office48.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office42.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office32.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office08.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office12.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office25.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office06.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office31.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office37.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office05.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office07.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/waitinghere01.wav=fbihrt waitinghere
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office41.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office24.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office01.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_smoke04.wav=fbihrt ct smoke
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office14.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office33.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office18.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office17.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office36.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office04.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office13.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office02.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office27.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office46.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office16.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office11.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office35.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office29.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office30.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office21.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office45.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office39.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office40.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office09.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office34.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office43.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office28.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office19.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office20.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_office44.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfollowme02.wav=fbihrt radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfollowme06.wav=fbihrt radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfollowme01.wav=fbihrt radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfollowme04.wav=fbihrt radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart04.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart10.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart05.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart01.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart11.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_italy24.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreport02.wav=fbihrt radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreport04.wav=fbihrt radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreport05.wav=fbihrt radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreport01.wav=fbihrt radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothostagesshot04.wav=fbihrt radiobothostagesshot
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponseattacking02.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotregroup02.wav=fbihrt radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfallback03.wav=fbihrt radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfallback04.wav=fbihrt radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfallback02.wav=fbihrt radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotpostflash02.wav=fbihrt radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotpostflash04.wav=fbihrt radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotpostflash03.wav=fbihrt radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotpostflash05.wav=fbihrt radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotregroup01.wav=fbihrt radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotregroup03.wav=fbihrt radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotregroup04.wav=fbihrt radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfiresniper02.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfiresniper
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfiresniper01.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfiresniper
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfirefriendly03.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_death02.wav=fbihrt ct death
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotniceshot06.wav=fbihrt radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothostagesescort01.wav=fbihrt radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/coverme01.wav=fbihrt coverme
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotniceshot01.wav=fbihrt radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/reportingin01.wav=fbihrt reportingin
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfirefriendly04.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotniceshot05.wav=fbihrt radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotniceshot03.wav=fbihrt radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotquery03.wav=fbihrt radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_death03.wav=fbihrt ct death
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothostagesescort04.wav=fbihrt radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_death04.wav=fbihrt ct death
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotbombpick03.wav=fbihrt radiobotbombpick
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendclose01.wav=fbihrt radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotquery02.wav=fbihrt radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotniceshot04.wav=fbihrt radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_death01.wav=fbihrt ct death
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/inposition01.wav=fbihrt inposition
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotclear01.wav=fbihrt radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotclear04.wav=fbihrt radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotclear03.wav=fbihrt radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotclear02.wav=fbihrt radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotniceshot02.wav=fbihrt radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotbombpick01.wav=fbihrt radiobotbombpick
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_italy22.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart08.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ctmap_cs_italy23.wav=fbihrt ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfirefriendly05.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotclear05.wav=fbihrt radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotbombpick02.wav=fbihrt radiobotbombpick
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfirefriendly01.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreport03.wav=fbihrt radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative08.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfirefriendly07.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobothostagesescort03.wav=fbihrt radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfirefriendly02.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponseattacking05.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsecoverrequest03.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart07.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart02.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart09.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobottarget08.wav=fbihrt radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfiresniper03.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfiresniper
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotstart06.wav=fbihrt radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponseattacking01.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotunderfirefriendly06.wav=fbihrt radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponseattacking04.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponseattacking03.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillsniper01.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillsniper03.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/coverme02.wav=fbihrt coverme
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_molotov02.wav=fbihrt ct molotov
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_molotov04.wav=fbihrt ct molotov
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_molotov03.wav=fbihrt ct molotov
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobottarget07.wav=fbihrt radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobottarget02.wav=fbihrt radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobottarget06.wav=fbihrt radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobottarget01.wav=fbihrt radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfallback01.wav=fbihrt radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount12.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount05.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount03.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount09.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount10.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount04.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount02.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount07.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount13.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount11.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkillcount06.wav=fbihrt radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_smoke02.wav=fbihrt ct smoke
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_smoke01.wav=fbihrt ct smoke
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkill02.wav=fbihrt radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkill04.wav=fbihrt radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkill01.wav=fbihrt radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkill07.wav=fbihrt radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkill03.wav=fbihrt radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotkill06.wav=fbihrt radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative10.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative07.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative03.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative06.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative12.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative09.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotpostflash01.wav=fbihrt radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative01.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative05.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative04.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotreponsenegative11.wav=fbihrt radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotendclose02.wav=fbihrt radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfollowyou03.wav=fbihrt radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfollowyou02.wav=fbihrt radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/radiobotfollowyou01.wav=fbihrt radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_flashbang03.wav=fbihrt ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/fbihrt/ct_flashbang01.wav=fbihrt ct flashbang
realm=weapons
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_detonate_1_distant.wav=inferno start inc grenade distant
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_look01_b.wav=butterfly knife look b
sound/weapons/famas/famas_clipout.wav=weapon famas clipout
sound/weapons/awp/awp1.wav=awp
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_02.wav=weapon mag single
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_screw_on_start.wav=weapon ma silencer screw on start
sound/weapons/flashbang/flashbang_explode1_distant.wav=flashbang explode distant
sound/weapons/smokegrenade/sg_explode_distant.wav=base smoke effect sound distant
sound/weapons/revolver/revolver_siderelease.wav=weapon revolver siderelease
sound/weapons/cz75a/cz75a-1-distant.wav=weapon cza single distant
sound/weapons/xm1014/xm1014-1.wav=weapon xm single
sound/weapons/c4/c4_beep2.wav=c plant sound
sound/weapons/m249/m249_coverup.wav=weapon m coverup
sound/weapons/knife_bowie/knife_bowie_inspect_end.wav=knife bowie look at end
sound/weapons/g3sg1/zoom.wav=weapon gsg zoom
sound/weapons/fiveseven/fiveseven_clipout.wav=weapon five seven clipout
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000_slideback.wav=weapon hkp slideback
sound/weapons/m249/m249_boxin.wav=weapon m boxin
sound/weapons/sensorgrenade/sensor_arm.wav=sensor activate
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_distant_02.wav=weapon mag single distant
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_distant_01.wav=weapon mag single distant
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_clipin.wav=weapon sg clipin
sound/weapons/tec9/tec9_clipout.wav=weapon tec clipout
sound/weapons/negev/negev_draw.wav=weapon negev draw
sound/weapons/xm1014/xm1014_draw.wav=weapon xm draw
sound/weapons/negev/negev_boxin.wav=weapon negev boxin
sound/weapons/c4/c4_click.wav=c click
sound/weapons/usp/usp_silencer_screw_off_end.wav=weapon usp silencer screw off end
sound/weapons/m249/m249_draw.wav=weapon m draw
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_screw_off_end.wav=weapon ma silencer screw off end
sound/weapons/usp/usp1-distant.wav=weapon usp silenced shot distant
sound/weapons/usp/usp_silencer_on.wav=weapon usp attach silencer
sound/weapons/clipempty_pistol.wav=default clip empty pistol
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_boltforward.wav=weapon galilar bolt forward
sound/weapons/incgrenade/pinpull.wav=inc grenade pull pin grenade
sound/weapons/famas/famas_boltforward.wav=weapon famas bolt forward
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10-1-distant.wav=weapon mac single distant
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08_draw.wav=weapon ssg draw
sound/weapons/smokegrenade/pinpull.wav=smoke grenade pull pin grenade
sound/weapons/clipempty_rifle.wav=buy preset already bought
sound/weapons/xm1014/xm1014_insertshell_03.wav=weapon xm insert shell
sound/weapons/xm1014/xm1014_insertshell_02.wav=weapon xm insert shell
sound/weapons/xm1014/xm1014_insertshell_01.wav=weapon xm insert shell
sound/weapons/negev/negev_clean_02.wav=weapon negev single focused
sound/weapons/negev/negev_clean_01.wav=weapon negev single focused
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9_boltforward.wav=weapon mp bolt forward
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7_clipout.wav=weapon mp clipout
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9_clipout.wav=weapon mp clipout
sound/weapons/knife_falchion/knife_falchion_inspect.wav=knife falchion inspect
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08_boltforward.wav=weapon ssg bolt forward
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9-1.wav=mp
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hitwall3.wav=knife hitwall
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hitwall4.wav=knife hitwall
sound/weapons/c4/c4_disarm.wav=c disarm
sound/weapons/famas/famas-1.wav=famas
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_boltback.wav=weapon scar bolt back
sound/weapons/sawedoff/sawedoff_insertshell.wav=sawedoff insertshell
sound/weapons/c4/key_press7.wav=c keypressquiet
sound/weapons/c4/key_press6.wav=c keypressquiet
sound/weapons/c4/key_press5.wav=c keypressquiet
sound/weapons/c4/key_press4.wav=c keypressquiet
sound/weapons/c4/key_press3.wav=c keypressquiet
sound/weapons/c4/key_press2.wav=c keypressquiet
sound/weapons/c4/key_press1.wav=c keypressquiet
sound/weapons/p90/p90_cliprelease.wav=weapon p cliprelease
sound/weapons/sawedoff/sawedoff_draw.wav=weapon sawedoff draw
sound/weapons/bizon/bizon_boltback.wav=weapon bizon bolt back
sound/weapons/molotov/molotov_detonate_2_distant.wav=inferno start distant
sound/weapons/molotov/molotov_detonate_1_distant.wav=inferno start distant
sound/weapons/ump45/ump45-1.wav=ump
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_boltback.wav=weapon sg bolt back
sound/weapons/p250/p250_slideback.wav=weapon p slideback
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10_draw.wav=weapon mac draw
sound/weapons/aug/aug_clipout.wav=weapon aug clipout
sound/weapons/smokegrenade/smokegrenade_draw.wav=smoke grenade draw
sound/weapons/molotov/molotov_draw.wav=molotov draw
sound/weapons/fiveseven/fiveseven_clipin.wav=weapon five seven clipin
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_draw.wav=weapon scar draw
sound/weapons/c4/c4_disarmfinish.wav=c disarmfinish
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_boltforward.wav=weapon mas bolt forward
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08_distant.wav=weapon ssg single distant
sound/weapons/usp/usp_unsil-1-distant.wav=weapon usp single distant
sound/weapons/molotov/molotov_detonate_swt_01.wav=inferno start sweeten
sound/weapons/usp/usp_draw.wav=weapon usp draw
sound/weapons/usp/usp_silencer_off.wav=weapon usp detach silencer
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_clipin.wav=weapon ma clipin
sound/weapons/m249/m249_boxout.wav=weapon m boxout
sound/weapons/p250/p250-1-distant.wav=pdistant
sound/weapons/p90/p90_boltforward.wav=weapon p bolt forward
sound/weapons/deagle/de_slideforward.wav=weapon d eagle slideforward
sound/weapons/tec9/tec9_draw.wav=weapon tec draw
sound/weapons/hegrenade/he_draw.wav=he grenade draw
sound/weapons/fx/nearmiss/bulletltor01.wav=bullets default nearmiss
sound/weapons/awp/awp_clipout.wav=weapon awp clipout
sound/weapons/revolver/revolver_sideback.wav=weapon revolver sideback
sound/weapons/awp/awp1-distant.wav=awpdistant
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_clipin.wav=weapon scar clipin
sound/weapons/auto_semiauto_switch.wav=weapon auto semi auto switch
sound/weapons/ak47/ak47_clipout.wav=weapon ak clipout
sound/weapons/deagle/deagle-1-distant.wav=weapon d eagle single distant
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_clipin.wav=weapon gsg clipin
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1-1-single.wav=masingle
sound/weapons/c4/c4_initiate.wav=c initiate
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7_clipin.wav=weapon mp clipin
sound/weapons/glock18/glock18-1-distant.wav=weapon glock single distant
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9_clipin.wav=weapon mp clipin
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_on.wav=weapon ma silencer on
sound/weapons/famas/famas_draw.wav=weapon famas draw
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_detonate_swt_01.wav=inferno start sweeten inc grenade
sound/weapons/elite/elites_03.wav=weapon elite single
sound/weapons/elite/elites_02.wav=weapon elite single
sound/weapons/elite/elites_01.wav=weapon elite single
sound/weapons/c4/c4_exp_deb2.wav=c exp deb
sound/weapons/molotov/molotov_detonate_3_distant.wav=inferno start distant
sound/weapons/elite/elite_taunt_tap.wav=weapon elite taunt tap
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9_03.wav=weapon mp single
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9_02.wav=weapon mp single
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9_01.wav=weapon mp single
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7_04.wav=weapon mp single
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7_03.wav=weapon mp single
sound/weapons/elite/elite_reloadstart.wav=weapon elite reloadstart
sound/weapons/fx/nearmiss/bulletltor14.wav=bullets default nearmiss
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7_02.wav=weapon mp single
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7_01.wav=weapon mp single
sound/weapons/negev/negev_chain.wav=weapon negev chain
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000_03.wav=weapon hkp single
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000_02.wav=weapon hkp single
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000_01.wav=weapon hkp single
sound/weapons/famas/famas_distant_01.wav=weapon famas single distant
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000_clipout.wav=weapon hkp clipout
sound/weapons/aug/aug_cliphit.wav=weapon aug cliphit
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_distant_01.wav=weapon ma single distant
sound/weapons/famas/famas_cliphit.wav=weapon famas clip hit
sound/weapons/sensorgrenade/sensor_detect.wav=sensor warmup beep
sound/weapons/aug/aug_boltpull.wav=weapon aug boltpull
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7-1-distant.wav=magdistant
sound/weapons/tec9/tec9_02.wav=weapon tec single
sound/weapons/incgrenade/pinpull_start.wav=inc grenade pull pin grenade start
sound/weapons/tec9/tec9_distant_01.wav=weapon tec single distant
sound/weapons/revolver/revolver_hammer.wav=weapon revolver hammer
sound/weapons/usp/usp_silencer_screw1.wav=weapon usp silencer screw
sound/weapons/usp/usp_silencer_screw2.wav=weapon usp silencer screw
sound/weapons/usp/usp_silencer_screw3.wav=weapon usp silencer screw
sound/weapons/usp/usp_silencer_screw4.wav=weapon usp silencer screw
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9_04.wav=weapon mp single
sound/weapons/usp/usp_silencer_screw5.wav=weapon usp silencer screw
sound/weapons/c4/c4_disarmstart.wav=c disarmstart
sound/weapons/revolver/revolver_clipout.wav=weapon revolver clipout
sound/weapons/c4/c4_beep1.wav=c beep
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_04.wav=weapon sg single
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_03.wav=weapon sg single
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_02.wav=weapon sg single
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_01.wav=weapon sg single
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_boltforward.wav=weapon scar bolt forward
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9_boltback.wav=weapon mp bolt back
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_cliphit.wav=weapon ma clip hit
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7-1-distant.wav=weapon mp single distant
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9-1-distant.wav=weapon mp single distant
sound/weapons/ak47/ak47_clipin.wav=weapon ak clipin
sound/weapons/fx/nearmiss/bulletltor08.wav=bullets default nearmiss
sound/weapons/revolver/revolver-1_01.wav=weapon revolver single
sound/weapons/sensorgrenade/sensor_equip.wav=sensor equip
sound/weapons/knife_falchion/knife_falchion_catch.wav=knife falchion catch
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_distant.wav=weapon ma silenced distant
sound/weapons/elite/elite_rightclipin.wav=weapon elite rclipin
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_boltback.wav=weapon mas bolt back
sound/weapons/glock18/glock_sliderelease.wav=weapon glock sliderelease
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08_clipout.wav=weapon ssg clipout
sound/weapons/m249/m249_pump.wav=weapon m pump
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08_boltback.wav=weapon ssg bolt back
sound/weapons/usp/usp_sliderelease.wav=weapon usp sliderelease
sound/weapons/c4/c4_exp_deb1.wav=c exp deb
sound/weapons/revolver/revolver_clipin.wav=weapon revolver clipin
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_02.wav=weapon gsg single
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_clipin.wav=weapon galilar clipin
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_01.wav=weapon gsg single
sound/weapons/c4/c4_plant_quiet.wav=c plantquiet
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7_slideback.wav=weapon mp slideback
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000-1.wav=hkp
sound/weapons/ak47/ak47_distant.wav=weapon ak single distant
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_04.wav=weapon galilar single
sound/weapons/p90/p90_clipin.wav=weapon p clipin
sound/weapons/bizon/bizon_boltforward.wav=weapon bizon bolt forward
sound/weapons/usp/usp_unsilenced_03.wav=weapon usp single
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7-1.wav=mag
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_unsil-1-distant.wav=ma unsildistant
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hitwall1.wav=edit split marked area
sound/weapons/usp/usp_clipout.wav=weapon usp clipout
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hit4.wav=weapon knife hit
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hit3.wav=weapon knife hit
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hit2.wav=weapon knife hit
sound/weapons/ak47/ak47-1.wav=rd weapon ak single
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hit1.wav=weapon knife hit
sound/weapons/p90/p90-1.wav=p
sound/weapons/deagle/de_slideback.wav=weapon d eagle slideback
sound/weapons/fx/nearmiss/bulletltor10.wav=bullets default nearmiss
sound/weapons/famas/famas_clipin.wav=weapon famas clipin
sound/weapons/aug/aug-1.wav=aug
sound/weapons/usp/usp_slideback2.wav=weapon usp slideback
sound/weapons/fx/nearmiss/bulletltor13.wav=bullets default nearmiss
sound/weapons/knife/knife_slash2.wav=weapon knife slash
sound/weapons/p90/p90_cliphit.wav=weapon p clip hit
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_cliphit.wav=weapon sg clip hit
sound/weapons/fx/nearmiss/bulletltor11.wav=bullets default nearmiss
sound/weapons/aug/aug_boltrelease.wav=weapon aug boltrelease
sound/weapons/flashbang/grenade_hit1.wav=flashbang bounce
sound/weapons/usp/usp_03.wav=weapon usp silenced shot
sound/weapons/debris1.wav=base explosion effect sound
sound/weapons/usp/usp_02.wav=weapon usp silenced shot
sound/weapons/deagle/deagle-1.wav=deagle
sound/weapons/fiveseven/fiveseven_sliderelease.wav=weapon five seven sliderelease
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_slideforward.wav=weapon gsg slide forward
sound/weapons/sawedoff/sawedoff-1-distant.wav=weapon sawedoff single distant
sound/weapons/revolver/revolver-1_distant.wav=weapon revolver single distant
sound/weapons/usp/usp_01.wav=weapon usp silenced shot
sound/weapons/mp9/mp9_draw.wav=weapon mp draw
sound/weapons/sawedoff/sawedoff_insertshell_03.wav=weapon sawedoff insertshell
sound/weapons/awp/zoom.wav=weapon awp zoom
sound/weapons/usp/usp_unsilenced_01.wav=weapon usp single
sound/weapons/knife_bowie/knife_bowie_inspect_start.wav=knife bowie look at start
sound/weapons/elite/elite_draw.wav=weapon elite taunt look
sound/weapons/ump45/ump45_04.wav=ump
sound/weapons/p250/p250_clipin.wav=weapon p clipin
sound/weapons/xm1014/xm1014-1-distant.wav=weapon xm single distant
sound/weapons/p90/p90_draw.wav=weapon p draw
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_slideback.wav=weapon gsg slide back
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08_clipin.wav=weapon ssg clipin
sound/weapons/ump45/ump45_02.wav=weapon ump single
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_backstab02.wav=butterfly knife backstab
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_03.wav=weapon gsg single
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08-1.wav=ssg
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7_draw.wav=weapon mp draw
sound/weapons/usp/usp_slideback.wav=weapon usp slideback
sound/weapons/fx/nearmiss/bulletltor09.wav=bullets default nearmiss
sound/weapons/usp/usp_unsilenced_02.wav=weapon usp single
sound/weapons/knife_falchion/knife_falchion_idle.wav=knife falchion idlev
sound/weapons/fx/nearmiss/bulletltor06.wav=bullets default nearmiss
sound/weapons/fx/nearmiss/bulletltor07.wav=bullets default nearmiss
sound/weapons/elite/elites_04.wav=weapon elite single
sound/weapons/elite/elite-1.wav=elite
sound/weapons/negev/negev_pump.wav=weapon negev pump
sound/weapons/negev/negev_coverdown.wav=weapon negev coverdown
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000-1-distant.wav=weapon hkp single distant
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_draw.wav=weapon ma draw
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08_01.wav=weapon ssg single
sound/weapons/taser/taser_shoot.wav=weapon taser single
sound/weapons/flashbang/flashbang_explode2_distant.wav=flashbang explode distant
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_01.wav=weapon ma silenced
sound/weapons/molotov/fire_loop_1.wav=inferno loop
sound/weapons/ump45/ump45_boltback.wav=weapon ump bolt back
sound/weapons/knife/knife_deploy1.wav=weapon knife deploy
sound/weapons/negev/negev_01.wav=weapon negev single
sound/weapons/molotov/fire_idle_loop_1.wav=molotov idle loop
sound/weapons/negev/negev_02.wav=weapon negev single
sound/weapons/awp/awp_draw.wav=weapon awp draw
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_01.wav=weapon ma single
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_02.wav=weapon ma single
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10_boltback.wav=weapon mac bolt forward
sound/weapons/hegrenade/pinpull_start.wav=he grenade pull pin grenade start
sound/weapons/negev/negev_coverup.wav=weapon negev coverup
sound/weapons/sawedoff/sawedoff_insertshell_01.wav=weapon sawedoff insertshell
sound/weapons/molotov/fire_ignite_2.wav=molotov throw
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_draw02.wav=butterfly knife draw
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_draw01.wav=butterfly knife draw
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556-1.wav=sg
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_us_distant.wav=weapon ma us distant
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_us_distant_02.wav=weapon ma us distant
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_us_distant_03.wav=weapon ma us distant
sound/weapons/tec9/tec9_boltrelease.wav=weapon tec boltrelease
sound/weapons/taser/taser_draw.wav=weapon taser draw
sound/weapons/sawedoff/sawedoff_insertshell_02.wav=weapon sawedoff insertshell
sound/weapons/tec9/tec9_boltpull.wav=weapon tec boltpull
sound/weapons/bizon/bizon-1.wav=bizon
sound/weapons/nova/nova_insertshell_04.wav=weapon sawedoff insertshell
sound/weapons/c4/c4_plant.wav=c plant
sound/weapons/m249/m249_coverdown.wav=weapon m coverdown
sound/weapons/nova/nova_pump.wav=weapon nova pump
sound/weapons/hegrenade/pinpull.wav=he grenade pull pin grenade
sound/weapons/ump45/ump45_draw.wav=weapon ump draw
sound/weapons/elite/elite_clipout.wav=weapon elite clipout
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_clipout.wav=weapon sg clipout
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_cliptouch.wav=weapon scar clip touch
sound/weapons/deagle/de_draw.wav=weapon d eagle draw
sound/weapons/hegrenade/he_bounce-1.wav=he grenade bounce
sound/weapons/nova/nova_insertshell.wav=nova insertshell
sound/weapons/p250/p250_draw.wav=weapon p draw
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08-1-distant.wav=ssgdistant
sound/weapons/awp/awp_boltback.wav=weapon awp bolt back
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1-1-single-distant.wav=masingledistant
sound/weapons/c4/c4_explode1.wav=c explode
sound/weapons/hegrenade/grenade_throw.wav=he grenade throw
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_backstab01.wav=butterfly knife backstab
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_01.wav=weapon galilar single
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_02.wav=weapon galilar single
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_03.wav=weapon galilar single
sound/weapons/molotov/fire_loop_fadeout_01.wav=inferno fade out
sound/weapons/knife/knife_slash1.wav=weapon knife slash
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_boltforward.wav=weapon ma bolt forward
sound/weapons/p90/p90_01.wav=weapon p single
sound/weapons/p90/p90_02.wav=weapon p single
sound/weapons/nova/nova_insertshell_01.wav=weapon nova insertshell
sound/weapons/nova/nova_insertshell_02.wav=weapon nova insertshell
sound/weapons/nova/nova_insertshell_03.wav=weapon nova insertshell
sound/weapons/fiveseven/fiveseven-1-distant.wav=weapon five seven single distant
sound/weapons/awp/awp_cliphit.wav=weapon awp cliphit
sound/weapons/ak47/ak47-1-distant.wav=akdistant
sound/weapons/knife_bowie/knife_bowie_draw.wav=knife bowie draw
sound/weapons/famas/famas_boltback.wav=weapon famas bolt back
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_bounce-1.wav=inc grenade bounce
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_detonate_2_distant.wav=inferno start inc grenade distant
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_detonate_3_distant.wav=inferno start inc grenade distant
sound/weapons/bizon/bizon_clipin.wav=weapon bizon clipin
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556-1-distant.wav=sgdistant
sound/weapons/nova/nova-1-distant.wav=weapon nova single distant
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_clipout.wav=weapon ma clipout
sound/weapons/knife/knife_stab.wav=weapon knife stab
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_detonate_1.wav=inferno start inc grenade
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_detonate_2.wav=inferno start inc grenade
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_detonate_3.wav=inferno start inc grenade
sound/weapons/bizon/bizon_draw.wav=weapon bizon draw
sound/weapons/awp/awp_clipin.wav=weapon awp clipin
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000_sliderelease.wav=weapon hkp sliderelease
sound/weapons/ak47/ak47_01.wav=weapon ak single
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10_03.wav=mac
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10-1.wav=mac
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1-1.wav=gsg
sound/weapons/molotov/molotov_extinguish.wav=molotov extinguish
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10_clipout.wav=weapon mac clipout
sound/weapons/aug/aug_distant.wav=weapon aug single distant
sound/weapons/cz75a/cz75_03.wav=weapon cza single
sound/weapons/awp/awp_01.wav=weapon awp single
sound/weapons/awp/awp_02.wav=weapon awp single
sound/weapons/ak47/ak47_draw.wav=weapon ak draw
sound/weapons/fx/rics/legacy_ric_conc-1.wav=fx ricochet sound ricochet legacy
sound/weapons/fx/rics/legacy_ric_conc-2.wav=fx ricochet sound ricochet legacy
sound/weapons/fiveseven/fiveseven_draw.wav=weapon five seven draw
sound/weapons/decoy/pinpull.wav=decoy pull pin grenade
sound/weapons/xm1014/xm1014_insertshell.wav=xm insertshell
sound/weapons/cz75a/cz75a-1.wav=cza
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_insertshell.wav=weapon mag insertshell
sound/weapons/decoy/grenade_throw.wav=decoy throw
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_04.wav=ma
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_03.wav=ma
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1-1.wav=ma
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7_slideforward.wav=weapon mp slide forward
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_unsil-1.wav=ma unsil
sound/weapons/negev/negev_05.wav=negev
sound/weapons/negev/negev_04.wav=negev
sound/weapons/negev/negev_03.wav=negev
sound/weapons/negev/negev-1.wav=negev
sound/weapons/usp/usp_unsil-1.wav=usp unsil
sound/weapons/xm1014/xm1014_pump.wav=xm pump
sound/weapons/aug/aug_zoom_out.wav=weapon aug zoom out
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1-1-distant.wav=madistant
sound/weapons/ump45/ump45_clipin.wav=weapon ump clipin
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_off.wav=weapon ma silencer off
sound/weapons/usp/usp_silencer_screw_on_start.wav=weapon usp silencer screw on start
sound/weapons/smokegrenade/sg_explode.wav=sg explode
sound/weapons/movement3.wav=weapon nova weapon move
sound/weapons/scar20/zoom.wav=weapon scar zoom
sound/weapons/taser/taser_hit.wav=weapon taser hit
sound/weapons/fiveseven/fiveseven-1.wav=fiveseven
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_unsil-1.wav=scar unsil
sound/weapons/fx/tink/shotgun_shell1.wav=bounce shotgun shell
sound/weapons/fx/tink/shotgun_shell2.wav=bounce shotgun shell
sound/weapons/fx/tink/shotgun_shell3.wav=bounce shotgun shell
sound/weapons/deagle/deagle_01.wav=weapon d eagle single
sound/weapons/deagle/deagle_02.wav=weapon d eagle single
sound/weapons/decoy/decoy_draw.wav=decoy draw
sound/weapons/hegrenade/beep.wav=beep
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_unsil-1-distant.wav=scar unsildistant
sound/weapons/usp/usp1.wav=usp
sound/weapons/usp/usp3.wav=usp
sound/weapons/usp/usp2.wav=usp
sound/weapons/famas/famas_04.wav=weapon famas single
sound/weapons/aug/aug-1-distant.wav=augdistant
sound/weapons/galilar/galil-1-distant.wav=galildistant
sound/weapons/sensorgrenade/sensor_explode.wav=sensor detonate
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_clipout.wav=weapon galilar clipout
sound/weapons/knife/knife_deploy.wav=knife deploy
sound/weapons/glock18/glock18-1.wav=glock
sound/weapons/nova/nova_draw.wav=weapon nova draw
sound/weapons/molotov/molotov_detonate_1.wav=inferno start
sound/weapons/tec9/tec9-1-distant.wav=tecdistant
sound/weapons/p250/p250_01.wav=weapon p single
sound/weapons/molotov/fire_ignite_1.wav=inferno fire ignite
sound/weapons/molotov/fire_ignite_4.wav=inferno fire ignite
sound/weapons/molotov/fire_ignite_5.wav=inferno fire ignite
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10_boltforward.wav=weapon mac bolt back
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_draw.wav=weapon sg draw
sound/weapons/knife_push/knife_push_lookat_end.wav=knife push look at end
sound/weapons/movement1.wav=weapon bizon weapon move
sound/weapons/debris2.wav=base explosion effect sound
sound/weapons/molotov/molotov_detonate_2.wav=inferno start
sound/weapons/molotov/molotov_detonate_3.wav=inferno start
sound/weapons/smokegrenade/smoke_emit.wav=base smoke effect sound
sound/weapons/bizon/bizon_clipout.wav=weapon bizon clipout
sound/weapons/party_horn_01.wav=weapon party horn single
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_draw.wav=inc grenade draw
sound/weapons/glock18/glock_slideback.wav=weapon glock slideback
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_distant.wav=weapon sg single distant
sound/weapons/smokegrenade/grenade_hit1.wav=smoke grenade bounce
sound/weapons/decoy/pinpull_start.wav=decoy pull pin grenade start
sound/weapons/c4/c4_draw.wav=c draw
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_draw.wav=weapon galilar draw
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_01.wav=weapon scar single
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_02.wav=weapon scar single
sound/weapons/mp7/mp7-1.wav=mp
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_03.wav=weapon scar single
sound/weapons/awp/awp_distant.wav=weapon awp single distant
sound/weapons/flashbang/pinpull.wav=flashbang pull pin grenade
sound/weapons/glock18/glock_draw.wav=weapon glock draw
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1-1-distant.wav=gsgdistant
sound/weapons/ssg08/ssg08_cliphit.wav=weapon ssg clip hit
sound/weapons/glock18/glock_01.wav=weapon glock single
sound/weapons/glock18/glock_02.wav=weapon glock single
sound/weapons/p250/p250_distant_01.wav=weapon p single distant
sound/weapons/p90/p90-1-distant.wav=weapon p single distant
sound/weapons/flashbang/flashbang_explode1.wav=flashbang explode
sound/weapons/flashbang/flashbang_explode2.wav=flashbang explode
sound/weapons/aug/aug_clipin.wav=weapon aug clipin
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_draw.wav=weapon mag draw
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_clipout.wav=weapon gsg clipout
sound/weapons/revolver/revolver_prepare.wav=weapon revolver barrel roll
sound/weapons/flashbang/pinpull_start.wav=flashbang pull pin grenade start
sound/weapons/awp/awp_boltforward.wav=weapon awp bolt forward
sound/weapons/elite/elite_leftclipin.wav=weapon elite lclipin
sound/weapons/p90/p90_boltback.wav=weapon p bolt back
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_clipout.wav=weapon mag clipout
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hitwall2.wav=knife hitwall
sound/weapons/taser/taser_shoot_birthday.wav=weapon party horn taser
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_clipin.wav=weapon mag clipin
sound/weapons/negev/negev_boxout.wav=weapon negev boxout
sound/weapons/flashbang/flashbang_draw.wav=flashbang draw
sound/weapons/hegrenade/explode3_distant.wav=base grenade explode distant
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_screw_4.wav=weapon ma silencer screw
sound/weapons/hegrenade/explode4_distant.wav=base grenade explode distant
sound/weapons/hegrenade/explode5_distant.wav=base grenade explode distant
sound/weapons/aug/aug_zoom_in.wav=weapon aug zoom in
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_zoom_out.wav=weapon sg zoom out
sound/weapons/lowammo_01.wav=default nearly empty
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_distant_01.wav=weapon gsg single distant
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_distant_02.wav=weapon gsg single distant
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_distant_03.wav=weapon gsg single distant
sound/weapons/glock18/glock_clipin.wav=weapon glock clipin
sound/weapons/incgrenade/inc_grenade_throw.wav=inc grenade throw
sound/weapons/cz75a/cz75_01.wav=weapon cza single
sound/weapons/cz75a/cz75_02.wav=weapon cza single
sound/weapons/knife_push/knife_push_attack1_heavy_01.wav=knife push attack heavy
sound/weapons/knife_push/knife_push_attack1_heavy_02.wav=knife push attack heavy
sound/weapons/knife_push/knife_push_attack1_heavy_03.wav=knife push attack heavy
sound/weapons/g3sg1/g3sg1_draw.wav=weapon gsg draw
sound/weapons/tec9/tec9_clipin.wav=weapon tec clipin
sound/weapons/elite/elite-1-distant.wav=weapon elite single distant
sound/weapons/revolver/revolver_draw.wav=weapon revolver draw
sound/weapons/bizon/bizon_01.wav=weapon bizon single
sound/weapons/bizon/bizon_02.wav=weapon bizon single
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10_clipin.wav=weapon mac clipin
sound/weapons/sensorgrenade/sensor_land.wav=sensor land
sound/weapons/knife_push/knife_push_lookat_start.wav=knife push look at start
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000_clipin.wav=weapon hkp clipin
sound/weapons/hkp2000/hkp2000_draw.wav=weapon hkp draw
sound/weapons/m249/m249-1-distant.wav=weapon m single distant
sound/weapons/deagle/de_clipin.wav=weapon d eagle clipin
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hit_01.wav=weapon knife hit wall
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hit_02.wav=weapon knife hit wall
sound/weapons/fiveseven/fiveseven_01.wav=weapon five seven single
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hit_03.wav=weapon knife hit wall
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hit_04.wav=weapon knife hit wall
sound/weapons/knife/knife_hit_05.wav=weapon knife hit wall
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_clipout.wav=weapon scar clipout
sound/weapons/glock18/glock_clipout.wav=weapon glock clipout
sound/weapons/fx/rics/ric3.wav=bounce shrapnel
sound/weapons/fx/rics/ric4.wav=bounce shrapnel
sound/weapons/fx/rics/ric5.wav=bounce shrapnel
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_distant_03.wav=weapon scar single distant
sound/weapons/p250/p250_sliderelease.wav=weapon p sliderelease
sound/weapons/galilar/galil-1.wav=galil
sound/weapons/ump45/ump45_boltforward.wav=weapon ump bolt forward
sound/weapons/bizon/bizon-1-distant.wav=weapon bizon single distant
sound/weapons/m249/m249_chain.wav=weapon m chain
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_look02_a.wav=butterfly knife look a
sound/weapons/knife_falchion/knife_falchion_draw.wav=knife falchion draw
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_look01_a.wav=butterfly knife look a
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_look03_a.wav=butterfly knife look a
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_boltback.wav=weapon ma bolt back
sound/weapons/usp/usp_clipin.wav=weapon usp clipin
sound/weapons/knife_push/knife_push_attack1_heavy_04.wav=knife push attack heavy
sound/weapons/ssg08/zoom.wav=weapon ssg zoom
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_pump_forward.wav=weapon mag pump forward
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_distant.wav=weapon galilar single distant
sound/weapons/deagle/de_clipout.wav=weapon d eagle clipout
sound/weapons/smokegrenade/grenade_throw.wav=smoke grenade throw
sound/weapons/molotov/grenade_throw.wav=molotov grenade throw
sound/weapons/fiveseven/fiveseven_slideback.wav=weapon five seven slideback
sound/weapons/p90/p90_clipout.wav=weapon p clipout
sound/weapons/p250/p250_clipout.wav=weapon p clipout
sound/weapons/flashbang/grenade_throw.wav=flashbang throw
sound/weapons/elite/elite_sliderelease.wav=weapon elite sliderelease
sound/weapons/galilar/galil_boltback.wav=weapon galilar bolt back
sound/weapons/movement2.wav=player pickup weapon silent
sound/weapons/p90/p90_03.wav=p
sound/weapons/p250/p250-1.wav=p
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_distant_01.wav=weapon scar single distant
sound/weapons/scar20/scar20_distant_02.wav=weapon scar single distant
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_zoom_in.wav=weapon sg zoom in
sound/weapons/ump45/ump45-1-distant.wav=weapon ump single distant
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_us_01.wav=weapon ma silenced single
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_us_02.wav=weapon ma silenced single
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_us_03.wav=weapon ma silenced single
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_us_04.wav=weapon ma silenced single
sound/weapons/hegrenade/explode3.wav=base grenade explode
sound/weapons/hegrenade/explode4.wav=base grenade explode
sound/weapons/hegrenade/explode5.wav=base grenade explode
sound/weapons/knife_push/knife_push_draw.wav=knife push draw
sound/weapons/sensorgrenade/sensor_detecthud.wav=sensor detect player hud
sound/weapons/nova/nova-1.wav=weapon nova single
sound/weapons/ak47/ak47_boltpull.wav=weapon ak bolt pull
sound/weapons/ump45/ump45_clipout.wav=weapon ump clipout
sound/weapons/sawedoff/sawedoff_pump.wav=weapon sawedoff pump during shot
sound/weapons/aug/aug_draw.wav=weapon aug draw
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10_01.wav=weapon mac single
sound/weapons/mac10/mac10_02.wav=weapon mac single
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_01.wav=weapon mag single
sound/weapons/m249/m249-1.wav=weapon m single
sound/weapons/tec9/tec9-1.wav=tec
sound/weapons/sawedoff/sawedoff-1.wav=weapon sawedoff single
sound/weapons/smokegrenade/pinpull_start.wav=smoke grenade pull pin grenade start
sound/weapons/sg556/sg556_boltforward.wav=weapon sg bolt forward
sound/weapons/aug/aug_01.wav=weapon aug single
sound/weapons/aug/aug_02.wav=weapon aug single
sound/weapons/aug/aug_03.wav=weapon aug single
sound/weapons/aug/aug_04.wav=weapon aug single
sound/weapons/mag7/mag7_pump_back.wav=weapon mag pump back
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_look02_b.wav=butterfly knife look b
sound/weapons/bknife/bknife_look03_b.wav=butterfly knife look b
sound/weapons/negev/negev-1-distant.wav=weapon negev single distant
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_screw_3.wav=weapon ma silencer screw
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_screw_2.wav=weapon ma silencer screw
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_screw_5.wav=weapon ma silencer screw
sound/weapons/m4a1/m4a1_silencer_screw_1.wav=weapon ma silencer screw
sound/weapons/famas/famas-1-distant.wav=famasdistant
sound/weapons/famas/famas_01.wav=weapon famas single
sound/weapons/famas/famas_02.wav=weapon famas single
sound/weapons/famas/famas_03.wav=weapon famas single
realm=canals
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_boats.wav=ambience canals water boats
sound/ambient/canals/music_canals_01.wav=music canals
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_bg.wav=ambience canals water bg
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_bridge_03.wav=ambience canals water bridge
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_bell_bg.wav=ambience canals bell bg
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_lap_01.wav=ambience canals water lap
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_lap_03.wav=ambience canals water lap
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_bridge_01.wav=ambience canals water bridge
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_bridge_02.wav=ambience canals water bridge
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_bridge_04.wav=ambience canals water bridge
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_bridge_05.wav=ambience canals water bridge
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_traffic_bg.wav=ambience canals traffic bg
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_lap_05.wav=ambience canals water lap
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_lap_04.wav=ambience canals water lap
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_lap_08.wav=ambience canals water lap
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_lap_07.wav=ambience canals water lap
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_lap_06.wav=ambience canals water lap
sound/ambient/canals/ambience_canals_water_lap_02.wav=ambience canals water lap
realm=pirate
sound/player/vo/pirate/friendlyfire09.wav=pirate friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/clearedarea04.wav=pirate clearedarea
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot01.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_grenade01.wav=pirate t grenade
sound/player/vo/pirate/defendingbombsitea01.wav=pirate defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/pirate/defendingbombsitea02.wav=pirate defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/pirate/defendingbombsitea03.wav=pirate defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/pirate/blinded06.wav=pirate blinded
sound/player/vo/pirate/coveringfriend04.wav=pirate coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/coveringfriend03.wav=pirate coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/coveringfriend01.wav=pirate coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_death02.wav=pirate t death
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_death03.wav=pirate t death
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_death04.wav=pirate t death
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_death01.wav=pirate t death
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobothold03.wav=pirate radiobothold
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobothold01.wav=pirate radiobothold
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobothold02.wav=pirate radiobothold
sound/player/vo/pirate/spottedloosebomb04.wav=pirate spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/spottedloosebomb02.wav=pirate spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/spottedloosebomb08.wav=pirate spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtodefendbombsite04.wav=pirate goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/pirate/spottedloosebomb07.wav=pirate spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/spottedloosebomb05.wav=pirate spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/spottedloosebomb01.wav=pirate spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/spottedloosebomb06.wav=pirate spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/spottedloosebomb03.wav=pirate spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/disagree01.wav=pirate disagree
sound/player/vo/pirate/disagree03.wav=pirate disagree
sound/player/vo/pirate/disagree02.wav=pirate disagree
sound/player/vo/pirate/disagree04.wav=pirate disagree
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_molotov01.wav=pirate t molotov
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_molotov03.wav=pirate t molotov
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_molotov02.wav=pirate t molotov
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_molotov06.wav=pirate t molotov
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag13.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag07.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag05.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag02.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag03.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag01.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag06.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag12.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag11.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag09.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag04.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag10.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/onarollbrag08.wav=pirate onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/pirate/incombat05.wav=pirate incombat
sound/player/vo/pirate/incombat04.wav=pirate incombat
sound/player/vo/pirate/incombat01.wav=pirate incombat
sound/player/vo/pirate/incombat06.wav=pirate incombat
sound/player/vo/pirate/incombat02.wav=pirate incombat
sound/player/vo/pirate/incombat08.wav=pirate incombat
sound/player/vo/pirate/incombat03.wav=pirate incombat
sound/player/vo/pirate/incombat07.wav=pirate incombat
sound/player/vo/pirate/reportingin01.wav=pirate reportingin
sound/player/vo/pirate/reportingin02.wav=pirate reportingin
sound/player/vo/pirate/reportingin03.wav=pirate reportingin
sound/player/vo/pirate/reportingin04.wav=pirate reportingin
sound/player/vo/pirate/killedfriend02.wav=pirate killedfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/killedfriend01.wav=pirate killedfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/killedfriend05.wav=pirate killedfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/killedfriend04.wav=pirate killedfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/killedfriend03.wav=pirate killedfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendclean05.wav=pirate radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendclean04.wav=pirate radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendclean06.wav=pirate radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendclean03.wav=pirate radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendclean02.wav=pirate radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendclean01.wav=pirate radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_letsgo06.wav=pirate radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_letsgo02.wav=pirate radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_letsgo05.wav=pirate radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_letsgo09.wav=pirate radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_letsgo01.wav=pirate radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_letsgo04.wav=pirate radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_letsgo08.wav=pirate radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_letsgo03.wav=pirate radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_letsgo07.wav=pirate radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/pirate/waitinghere04.wav=pirate waitinghere
sound/player/vo/pirate/waitinghere02.wav=pirate waitinghere
sound/player/vo/pirate/waitinghere03.wav=pirate waitinghere
sound/player/vo/pirate/waitinghere01.wav=pirate waitinghere
sound/player/vo/pirate/waitinghere05.wav=pirate waitinghere
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_needbackup04.wav=pirate radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_needbackup01.wav=pirate radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_needbackup02.wav=pirate radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_needbackup03.wav=pirate radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/pirate/scaredemote03.wav=pirate scaredemote
sound/player/vo/pirate/scaredemote04.wav=pirate scaredemote
sound/player/vo/pirate/scaredemote05.wav=pirate scaredemote
sound/player/vo/pirate/scaredemote02.wav=pirate scaredemote
sound/player/vo/pirate/scaredemote01.wav=pirate scaredemote
sound/player/vo/pirate/sniperkilled02.wav=pirate sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/pirate/sniperkilled01.wav=pirate sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtoplantbomb03.wav=pirate goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtoplantbomb02.wav=pirate goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtoplantbomb01.wav=pirate goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtoplantbomba01.wav=pirate goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtoplantbomba02.wav=pirate goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/pirate/heardnoise02.wav=pirate heardnoise
sound/player/vo/pirate/lastmanstanding03.wav=pirate lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/pirate/lastmanstanding05.wav=pirate lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/pirate/lastmanstanding07.wav=pirate lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/pirate/lastmanstanding06.wav=pirate lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source47.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source09.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source57.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_enemyspotted01.wav=pirate radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source04.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source34.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source14.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source30.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source33.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/heardnoise04.wav=pirate heardnoise
sound/player/vo/pirate/heardnoise01.wav=pirate heardnoise
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtoplantbomba03.wav=pirate goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotfallback01.wav=pirate radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotfallback04.wav=pirate radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/pirate/followingfriend03.wav=pirate followingfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/followingfriend02.wav=pirate followingfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/followingfriend05.wav=pirate followingfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/followingfriend01.wav=pirate followingfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/followingfriend04.wav=pirate followingfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/followingfriend06.wav=pirate followingfriend
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot07.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot12.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot04.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot03.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot11.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot09.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot02.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot06.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot10.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot08.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/niceshot05.wav=pirate niceshot
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_takingfire05.wav=pirate radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_takingfire01.wav=pirate radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_takingfire02.wav=pirate radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_takingfire06.wav=pirate radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_takingfire03.wav=pirate radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_takingfire07.wav=pirate radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_takingfire04.wav=pirate radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_takingfire08.wav=pirate radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendsolid01.wav=pirate radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_smoke01.wav=pirate t smoke
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_smoke02.wav=pirate t smoke
sound/player/vo/pirate/inposition01.wav=pirate inposition
sound/player/vo/pirate/inposition03.wav=pirate inposition
sound/player/vo/pirate/inposition02.wav=pirate inposition
sound/player/vo/pirate/oneenemyleft02.wav=pirate oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/oneenemyleft03.wav=pirate oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/oneenemyleft06.wav=pirate oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/oneenemyleft10.wav=pirate oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/oneenemyleft11.wav=pirate oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/oneenemyleft01.wav=pirate oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/oneenemyleft07.wav=pirate oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/oneenemyleft12.wav=pirate oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/oneenemyleft08.wav=pirate oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source28.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/plantingbomb02.wav=pirate plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/plantingbomb01.wav=pirate plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/plantingbomb05.wav=pirate plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/pirate/negative02.wav=pirate negative
sound/player/vo/pirate/negative04.wav=pirate negative
sound/player/vo/pirate/negative03.wav=pirate negative
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload06.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload13.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload07.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_followme04.wav=pirate radio followme
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload10.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload14.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/sniperwarning02.wav=pirate sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/pirate/peptalk09.wav=pirate peptalk
sound/player/vo/pirate/peptalk06.wav=pirate peptalk
sound/player/vo/pirate/sniperwarning01.wav=pirate sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/pirate/peptalk02.wav=pirate peptalk
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_followme03.wav=pirate radio followme
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_followme01.wav=pirate radio followme
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_followme02.wav=pirate radio followme
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_followme05.wav=pirate radio followme
sound/player/vo/pirate/clear01.wav=pirate clear
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtodefendbombsite03.wav=pirate goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotwait01.wav=pirate radiobotwait
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtodefendbombsite01.wav=pirate goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload08.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/pinneddown01.wav=pirate pinneddown
sound/player/vo/pirate/sniperwarning04.wav=pirate sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotfallback02.wav=pirate radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/pirate/threeenemiesleft02.wav=pirate threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/clear02.wav=pirate clear
sound/player/vo/pirate/clear03.wav=pirate clear
sound/player/vo/pirate/goingtodefendbombsite02.wav=pirate goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/pirate/sniperwarning03.wav=pirate sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload04.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/help03.wav=pirate help
sound/player/vo/pirate/help01.wav=pirate help
sound/player/vo/pirate/affirmative02.wav=pirate affirmative
sound/player/vo/pirate/peptalk07.wav=pirate peptalk
sound/player/vo/pirate/help04.wav=pirate help
sound/player/vo/pirate/help05.wav=pirate help
sound/player/vo/pirate/help02.wav=pirate help
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload02.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/negative01.wav=pirate negative
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload05.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload09.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload11.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload01.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload03.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/thanks01.wav=pirate thanks
sound/player/vo/pirate/thanks05.wav=pirate thanks
sound/player/vo/pirate/threeenemiesleft01.wav=pirate threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/threeenemiesleft05.wav=pirate threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_enemyspotted04.wav=pirate radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_enemyspotted06.wav=pirate radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_locknload12.wav=pirate radio locknload
sound/player/vo/pirate/agree04.wav=pirate agree
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=pirate radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/pirate/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=pirate radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/pirate/agree01.wav=pirate agree
sound/player/vo/pirate/agree02.wav=pirate agree
sound/player/vo/pirate/agree07.wav=pirate agree
sound/player/vo/pirate/agree05.wav=pirate agree
sound/player/vo/pirate/agree03.wav=pirate agree
sound/player/vo/pirate/agree06.wav=pirate agree
sound/player/vo/pirate/lostenemy04.wav=pirate lostenemy
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendsolid04.wav=pirate radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendsolid05.wav=pirate radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendsolid02.wav=pirate radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/pirate/thanks04.wav=pirate thanks
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source02.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source15.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source31.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source48.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source01.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source53.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source50.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source18.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source35.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source20.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source05.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source38.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source54.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source40.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source24.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/lastmanstanding04.wav=pirate lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source16.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source44.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source29.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source03.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source06.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source51.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source19.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source21.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source42.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source55.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source39.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source12.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source25.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source41.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source58.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source60.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/affirmative01.wav=pirate affirmative
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source32.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source17.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source45.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source49.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source37.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source23.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source07.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source10.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source11.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source52.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotendsolid03.wav=pirate radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source56.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/heardnoise03.wav=pirate heardnoise
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source26.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source43.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source08.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source13.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source22.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source61.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source36.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source62.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source46.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/requestreport04.wav=pirate requestreport
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source27.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/tmap_cs_source59.wav=pirate tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/pirate/lostenemy03.wav=pirate lostenemy
sound/player/vo/pirate/lostenemy01.wav=pirate lostenemy
sound/player/vo/pirate/lostenemy02.wav=pirate lostenemy
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_flashbang01.wav=pirate t flashbang
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_flashbang02.wav=pirate t flashbang
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_flashbang03.wav=pirate t flashbang
sound/player/vo/pirate/coverme03.wav=pirate coverme
sound/player/vo/pirate/coverme02.wav=pirate coverme
sound/player/vo/pirate/coverme01.wav=pirate coverme
sound/player/vo/pirate/negativeno05.wav=pirate negativeno
sound/player/vo/pirate/negativeno04.wav=pirate negativeno
sound/player/vo/pirate/enemydown05.wav=pirate enemydown
sound/player/vo/pirate/enemydown06.wav=pirate enemydown
sound/player/vo/pirate/twoenemiesleft04.wav=pirate twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/enemydown07.wav=pirate enemydown
sound/player/vo/pirate/enemydown04.wav=pirate enemydown
sound/player/vo/pirate/enemydown08.wav=pirate enemydown
sound/player/vo/pirate/enemydown01.wav=pirate enemydown
sound/player/vo/pirate/enemydown03.wav=pirate enemydown
sound/player/vo/pirate/enemydown02.wav=pirate enemydown
sound/player/vo/pirate/onmyway04.wav=pirate onmyway
sound/player/vo/pirate/onmyway02.wav=pirate onmyway
sound/player/vo/pirate/onmyway01.wav=pirate onmyway
sound/player/vo/pirate/onmyway03.wav=pirate onmyway
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_decoy02.wav=pirate t decoy
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_decoy04.wav=pirate t decoy
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_decoy03.wav=pirate t decoy
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_decoy01.wav=pirate t decoy
sound/player/vo/pirate/friendlyfire02.wav=pirate friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/friendlyfire04.wav=pirate friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/friendlyfire03.wav=pirate friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/friendlyfire08.wav=pirate friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/friendlyfire05.wav=pirate friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/friendlyfire07.wav=pirate friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/friendlyfire01.wav=pirate friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/friendlyfire06.wav=pirate friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_grenade04.wav=pirate t grenade
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_grenade02.wav=pirate t grenade
sound/player/vo/pirate/t_grenade05.wav=pirate t grenade
sound/player/vo/pirate/bombtickingdown05.wav=pirate bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/pirate/bombtickingdown01.wav=pirate bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/pirate/bombtickingdown06.wav=pirate bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/pirate/bombtickingdown02.wav=pirate bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/pirate/bombtickingdown04.wav=pirate bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/pirate/bombtickingdown03.wav=pirate bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/pirate/pinneddown02.wav=pirate pinneddown
sound/player/vo/pirate/pinneddown03.wav=pirate pinneddown
sound/player/vo/pirate/twoenemiesleft02.wav=pirate twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/twoenemiesleft03.wav=pirate twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/twoenemiesleft05.wav=pirate twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/twoenemiesleft01.wav=pirate twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotregroup03.wav=pirate radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotregroup01.wav=pirate radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/pirate/radiobotregroup02.wav=pirate radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/pirate/clearedarea03.wav=pirate clearedarea
sound/player/vo/pirate/clearedarea02.wav=pirate clearedarea
sound/player/vo/pirate/clearedarea01.wav=pirate clearedarea
sound/player/vo/pirate/blinded05.wav=pirate blinded
sound/player/vo/pirate/blinded04.wav=pirate blinded
sound/player/vo/pirate/blinded01.wav=pirate blinded
sound/player/vo/pirate/blinded02.wav=pirate blinded
sound/player/vo/pirate/requestreport03.wav=pirate requestreport
sound/player/vo/pirate/requestreport02.wav=pirate requestreport
sound/player/vo/pirate/requestreport01.wav=pirate requestreport
sound/player/vo/pirate/lastmanstanding08.wav=pirate lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/pirate/lastmanstanding02.wav=pirate lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/pirate/lastmanstanding01.wav=pirate lastmanstanding
realm=office
sound/ambient/office/tech_oneshot_07.wav=tech oneshot
sound/ambient/office/lever6.wav=lever
sound/ambient/office/office_projector_fan_lp.wav=office projector fan lp
sound/ambient/office/office_projector_slide_02.wav=cs office slidechange
sound/ambient/office/tech_room.wav=tech room
sound/ambient/office/slidechange.wav=slidechange
sound/ambient/office/button1.wav=button
sound/ambient/office/tech_oneshot_04.wav=tech oneshot
sound/ambient/office/tech_loop_server.wav=tech loop server
sound/ambient/office/tech_oneshot_06.wav=tech oneshot
sound/ambient/office/office_projector_slide_01.wav=cs office slidechange
sound/ambient/office/tech_oneshot_03.wav=tech oneshot
sound/ambient/office/tech_oneshot_02.wav=tech oneshot
sound/ambient/office/tech_oneshot_09.wav=tech oneshot
sound/ambient/office/tech_oneshot_01.wav=tech oneshot
sound/ambient/office/tech_oneshot_08.wav=tech oneshot
sound/ambient/office/tech_oneshot_05.wav=tech oneshot
realm=general
sound/player/general/flesh_burn.wav=flesh burn
realm=fire
sound/ambient/fire/fire_med_loop1.wav=fire medium
realm=seal
sound/player/vo/seal/goingtoguardloosebomb03.wav=seal goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_italy02.wav=seal ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/seal/thanks01.wav=seal thanks
sound/player/vo/seal/thanks03.wav=seal thanks
sound/player/vo/seal/lostenemy02.wav=seal lostenemy
sound/player/vo/seal/defusingbomb03.wav=seal defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/seal/defusingbomb02.wav=seal defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/seal/defusingbomb01.wav=seal defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/seal/defusingbomb05.wav=seal defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/seal/defusingbomb04.wav=seal defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/seal/pinneddown03.wav=seal pinneddown
sound/player/vo/seal/pinneddown02.wav=seal pinneddown
sound/player/vo/seal/pinneddown01.wav=seal pinneddown
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleft05.wav=seal noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/pinneddown04.wav=seal pinneddown
sound/player/vo/seal/negative01.wav=seal negative
sound/player/vo/seal/negative02.wav=seal negative
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_molotov03.wav=seal ct molotov
sound/player/vo/seal/negative04.wav=seal negative
sound/player/vo/seal/negative03.wav=seal negative
sound/player/vo/seal/help04.wav=seal help
sound/player/vo/seal/help03.wav=seal help
sound/player/vo/seal/help02.wav=seal help
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotregroup01.wav=seal radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotreponsenegative06.wav=seal radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/seal/theypickedupthebomb02.wav=seal theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/theypickedupthebomb03.wav=seal theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo01.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/waitinghere03.wav=seal waitinghere
sound/player/vo/seal/waitinghere01.wav=seal waitinghere
sound/player/vo/seal/waitinghere02.wav=seal waitinghere
sound/player/vo/seal/waitinghere04.wav=seal waitinghere
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_bombexploding03.wav=seal ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_bombexploding07.wav=seal ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_bombexploding06.wav=seal ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_bombexploding09.wav=seal ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_bombexploding05.wav=seal ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_bombexploding08.wav=seal ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_bombexploding01.wav=seal ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_bombexploding02.wav=seal ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_bombexploding04.wav=seal ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_bank02.wav=seal ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_bank01.wav=seal ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_bank03.wav=seal ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleftbomb04.wav=seal noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleftbomb01.wav=seal noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleftbomb02.wav=seal noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleftbomb03.wav=seal noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/seal/sniperwarning03.wav=seal sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/seal/sniperwarning02.wav=seal sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/seal/sniperwarning01.wav=seal sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/seal/clearedarea02.wav=seal clearedarea
sound/player/vo/seal/coveringfriend05.wav=seal coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/coveringfriend01.wav=seal coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/coveringfriend03.wav=seal coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/bombtickingdown01.wav=seal bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/seal/bombtickingdown02.wav=seal bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/seal/bombtickingdown03.wav=seal bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/seal/bombtickingdown04.wav=seal bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendclean01.wav=seal radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendclean02.wav=seal radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendclean03.wav=seal radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendclean04.wav=seal radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/seal/threeenemiesleft01.wav=seal threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/threeenemiesleft04.wav=seal threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/threeenemiesleft07.wav=seal threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedloosebomb04.wav=seal spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedloosebomb02.wav=seal spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedloosebomb05.wav=seal spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedloosebomb03.wav=seal spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedloosebomb01.wav=seal spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/sniperkilled01.wav=seal sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/seal/sniperkilled03.wav=seal sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/seal/sniperkilled02.wav=seal sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/seal/lastmanstanding04.wav=seal lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/seal/lastmanstanding03.wav=seal lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/seal/lastmanstanding06.wav=seal lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown02.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/lastmanstanding02.wav=seal lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/seal/lastmanstanding05.wav=seal lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/seal/lastmanstanding01.wav=seal lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/seal/killedfriend01.wav=seal killedfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/killedfriend04.wav=seal killedfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/killedfriend05.wav=seal killedfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/killedfriend06.wav=seal killedfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/killedfriend08.wav=seal killedfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/killedfriend02.wav=seal killedfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/killedfriend07.wav=seal killedfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/killedfriend03.wav=seal killedfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_takingfire02.wav=seal radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_takingfire06.wav=seal radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_enemyspottedcount12.wav=seal radio enemyspottedcount
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_takingfire03.wav=seal radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_takingfire05.wav=seal radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_takingfire01.wav=seal radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_takingfire04.wav=seal radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_takingfire07.wav=seal radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobothold03.wav=seal radiobothold
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobothold01.wav=seal radiobothold
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobothold02.wav=seal radiobothold
sound/player/vo/seal/inposition02.wav=seal inposition
sound/player/vo/seal/inposition01.wav=seal inposition
sound/player/vo/seal/inposition04.wav=seal inposition
sound/player/vo/seal/waitingforhumantodefusebomb03.wav=seal waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/waitingforhumantodefusebomb02.wav=seal waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/waitingforhumantodefusebomb04.wav=seal waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/friendlyfire05.wav=seal friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_smoke03.wav=seal ct smoke
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_smoke02.wav=seal ct smoke
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_smoke01.wav=seal ct smoke
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobottime01.wav=seal radiobottime
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobottime02.wav=seal radiobottime
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobottime03.wav=seal radiobottime
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobottime04.wav=seal radiobottime
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_flashbang01.wav=seal ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_flashbang03.wav=seal ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_flashbang02.wav=seal ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/seal/friendlyfire06.wav=seal friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/seal/friendlyfire07.wav=seal friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/seal/friendlyfire04.wav=seal friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/seal/waitingforhumantodefusebomb01.wav=seal waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/friendlyfire01.wav=seal friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/seal/friendlyfire02.wav=seal friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/seal/friendlyfire03.wav=seal friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec26.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec35.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec32.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec05.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec14.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec41.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec19.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec31.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec21.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec23.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec03.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec20.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec27.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec11.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec02.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec36.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec28.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec15.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec06.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec33.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec01.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec24.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec37.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec12.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec29.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec38.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec16.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec30.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec25.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec34.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec13.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec04.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec39.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec17.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec40.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec18.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_aztec22.wav=seal ctmap de aztec
sound/player/vo/seal/oneenemyleft08.wav=seal oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/seal/oneenemyleft02.wav=seal oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/seal/oneenemyleft06.wav=seal oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/seal/oneenemyleft03.wav=seal oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/seal/oneenemyleft09.wav=seal oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/seal/oneenemyleft01.wav=seal oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotfallback01.wav=seal radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotfallback02.wav=seal radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotfallback06.wav=seal radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotfallback03.wav=seal radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotfallback07.wav=seal radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendclose04.wav=seal radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendclose01.wav=seal radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendclose05.wav=seal radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendclose02.wav=seal radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendclose03.wav=seal radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/seal/followingfriend01.wav=seal followingfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/followingfriend04.wav=seal followingfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/plantedbombplacesafe03.wav=seal plantedbombplacesafe
sound/player/vo/seal/followingfriend02.wav=seal followingfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo10.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo06.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo03.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo09.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo02.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo08.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/theypickedupthebomb01.wav=seal theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo05.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo11.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo07.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_decoy01.wav=seal ct decoy
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_decoy02.wav=seal ct decoy
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_decoy03.wav=seal ct decoy
sound/player/vo/seal/twoenemiesleft01.wav=seal twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/twoenemiesleft05.wav=seal twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/twoenemiesleft03.wav=seal twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/twoenemiesleft04.wav=seal twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/twoenemiesleft02.wav=seal twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_death04.wav=seal ct death
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_death01.wav=seal ct death
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_death05.wav=seal ct death
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_death02.wav=seal ct death
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_death03.wav=seal ct death
sound/player/vo/seal/affirmative01.wav=seal affirmative
sound/player/vo/seal/affirmative05.wav=seal affirmative
sound/player/vo/seal/affirmative03.wav=seal affirmative
sound/player/vo/seal/affirmative02.wav=seal affirmative
sound/player/vo/seal/affirmative06.wav=seal affirmative
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotregroup05.wav=seal radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/seal/help01.wav=seal help
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotregroup03.wav=seal radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotregroup02.wav=seal radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotregroup04.wav=seal radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/seal/heardnoise01.wav=seal heardnoise
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat01.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat03.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse19.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat04.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat12.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat11.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat02.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat07.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat10.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat06.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat09.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat05.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/incombat08.wav=seal incombat
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office06.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/reportingin02.wav=seal reportingin
sound/player/vo/seal/reportingin03.wav=seal reportingin
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendsolid01.wav=seal radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/seal/agree06.wav=seal agree
sound/player/vo/seal/agree02.wav=seal agree
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office04.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/disagree04.wav=seal disagree
sound/player/vo/seal/disagree03.wav=seal disagree
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse09.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse23.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse10.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse14.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse02.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office14.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/agree01.wav=seal agree
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendsolid02.wav=seal radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendsolid04.wav=seal radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/seal/radiobotendsolid03.wav=seal radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/seal/followingfriend03.wav=seal followingfriend
sound/player/vo/seal/onmyway02.wav=seal onmyway
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse06.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office07.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office10.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office01.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/onmyway01.wav=seal onmyway
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office11.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/agree05.wav=seal agree
sound/player/vo/seal/agree03.wav=seal agree
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo12.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse03.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_followme04.wav=seal radio followme
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse16.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office15.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/requestreport02.wav=seal requestreport
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office05.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office12.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office09.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office02.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office08.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office13.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_office03.wav=seal ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse17.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/thanks02.wav=seal thanks
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse15.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse11.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse24.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/heardnoise02.wav=seal heardnoise
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse07.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse12.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse25.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse21.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse05.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_followme03.wav=seal radio followme
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse04.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse20.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse01.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse13.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/onmyway03.wav=seal onmyway
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse08.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/coverme02.wav=seal coverme
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse22.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_de_boathouse18.wav=seal ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/seal/goingtoguardloosebomb01.wav=seal goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/goingtoguardloosebomb02.wav=seal goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_followme05.wav=seal radio followme
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_followme01.wav=seal radio followme
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_followme02.wav=seal radio followme
sound/player/vo/seal/coverme03.wav=seal coverme
sound/player/vo/seal/reportingin01.wav=seal reportingin
sound/player/vo/seal/coverme01.wav=seal coverme
sound/player/vo/seal/disagree01.wav=seal disagree
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot06.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/disagree05.wav=seal disagree
sound/player/vo/seal/requestreport01.wav=seal requestreport
sound/player/vo/seal/lostenemy04.wav=seal lostenemy
sound/player/vo/seal/lostenemy01.wav=seal lostenemy
sound/player/vo/seal/disagree02.wav=seal disagree
sound/player/vo/seal/plantedbombplacesafe01.wav=seal plantedbombplacesafe
sound/player/vo/seal/plantedbombplacesafe02.wav=seal plantedbombplacesafe
sound/player/vo/seal/scaredemote02.wav=seal scaredemote
sound/player/vo/seal/scaredemote04.wav=seal scaredemote
sound/player/vo/seal/scaredemote01.wav=seal scaredemote
sound/player/vo/seal/scaredemote03.wav=seal scaredemote
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag07.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag11.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag14.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag06.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/peptalk01.wav=seal peptalk
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag09.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag02.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag13.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag03.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag12.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag01.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag04.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag10.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag08.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/onarollbrag05.wav=seal onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/seal/whereisthebomb05.wav=seal whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/whereisthebomb01.wav=seal whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/whereisthebomb02.wav=seal whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/whereisthebomb03.wav=seal whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/whereisthebomb04.wav=seal whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/commanderdown03.wav=seal commanderdown
sound/player/vo/seal/heardnoise03.wav=seal heardnoise
sound/player/vo/seal/commanderdown02.wav=seal commanderdown
sound/player/vo/seal/commanderdown01.wav=seal commanderdown
sound/player/vo/seal/blinded02.wav=seal blinded
sound/player/vo/seal/requestreport03.wav=seal requestreport
sound/player/vo/seal/blinded01.wav=seal blinded
sound/player/vo/seal/blinded04.wav=seal blinded
sound/player/vo/seal/blinded03.wav=seal blinded
sound/player/vo/seal/clearedarea01.wav=seal clearedarea
sound/player/vo/seal/clearedarea03.wav=seal clearedarea
sound/player/vo/seal/clearedarea04.wav=seal clearedarea
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_enemyspotted06.wav=seal radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/seal/guardingloosebomb03.wav=seal guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/guardingloosebomb02.wav=seal guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/guardingloosebomb01.wav=seal guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_italy03.wav=seal ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_letsgo04.wav=seal radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_italy04.wav=seal ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_italy06.wav=seal ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_italy05.wav=seal ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/seal/ctmap_cs_italy07.wav=seal ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_needbackup03.wav=seal radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_needbackup02.wav=seal radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload15.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot10.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/bombsiteclear01.wav=seal bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/seal/bombsiteclear02.wav=seal bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/seal/bombsiteclear03.wav=seal bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedbomber04.wav=seal spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedbomber03.wav=seal spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedbomber06.wav=seal spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedbomber02.wav=seal spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedbomber05.wav=seal spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/seal/spottedbomber01.wav=seal spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot09.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot04.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot13.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot05.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot01.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_needbackup01.wav=seal radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot12.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot11.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot02.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot08.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot07.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/niceshot03.wav=seal niceshot
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload09.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload03.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload17.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload08.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload10.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload12.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload05.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload01.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload13.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload06.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload16.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload07.wav=seal radio locknload
sound/player/vo/seal/peptalk05.wav=seal peptalk
sound/player/vo/seal/peptalk02.wav=seal peptalk
sound/player/vo/seal/peptalk03.wav=seal peptalk
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleft04.wav=seal noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleft02.wav=seal noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleft03.wav=seal noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleft06.wav=seal noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/noenemiesleft01.wav=seal noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_grenade03.wav=seal ct grenade
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_grenade02.wav=seal ct grenade
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_grenade01.wav=seal ct grenade
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_grenade04.wav=seal ct grenade
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown12.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown06.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown09.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown03.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown11.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown01.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown07.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown10.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown04.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown05.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/enemydown08.wav=seal enemydown
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_molotov01.wav=seal ct molotov
sound/player/vo/seal/ct_molotov02.wav=seal ct molotov
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload02.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload04.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload11.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_locknload14.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=seal radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_enemyspotted10.wav=seal radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_enemyspotted01.wav=seal radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_enemyspotted05.wav=seal radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_enemyspotted09.wav=seal radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/seal/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=seal radio enemyspotted
realm=wind
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_10.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_10_01.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/csgo_dust_wind_lp_01.wav=csgo dust wind lp
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_2.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/lightwind.wav=lightwind
sound/ambient/wind/dry_air_short_tunnel.wav=dry air short tunnel
sound/ambient/wind/flag_and_rope_loop.wav=flag and rope loop
sound/ambient/wind/tree_sway_wind_lp_01.wav=tree sway wind lp
sound/ambient/wind/tree_sway_wind_lp_03.wav=tree sway wind lp
sound/ambient/wind/tree_sway_wind_lp_02.wav=tree sway wind lp
sound/ambient/wind/wind_med1.wav=wind med
sound/ambient/wind/wind_med2.wav=wind med
sound/ambient/wind/wind_snippet4.wav=wind snippet
sound/ambient/wind/wind_snippet5.wav=wind snippet
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_04.wav=css wind
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_05.wav=css wind
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_06.wav=css wind
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_07.wav=css wind
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_10.wav=css wind
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_08.wav=css wind
sound/ambient/wind/smallgust2.wav=smallgust
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_09.wav=css wind
sound/ambient/wind/lightwind_02.wav=lightwind
sound/ambient/wind/windgust.wav=windgust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_12.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_bass.wav=wind bass
sound/ambient/wind/wind_outdoors_1.wav=wind outdoors
sound/ambient/wind/dry_air_short.wav=dry air short
sound/ambient/wind/wind_tunnel1.wav=wind tunnel
sound/ambient/wind/amb_wind_01.wav=amb wind
sound/ambient/wind/csgo_dust_wind_lp_02.wav=csgo dust wind lp
sound/ambient/wind/dry_air_short_indoors.wav=dry air short indoors
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_06.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_05.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_04.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_8.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_03.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_11.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_07.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_02.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_08.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_09.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/wind_gust_01.wav=wind gust
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_03.wav=css wind
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_01.wav=css wind
sound/ambient/wind/wind1.wav=wind
sound/ambient/wind/css15_wind_02.wav=css wind
realm=idf
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload03.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_followme02.wav=idf radio followme
sound/player/vo/idf/reportingin03.wav=idf reportingin
sound/player/vo/idf/twoenemiesleft05.wav=idf twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/twoenemiesleft01.wav=idf twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/twoenemiesleft03.wav=idf twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/twoenemiesleft02.wav=idf twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/twoenemiesleft04.wav=idf twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/coverme02.wav=idf coverme
sound/player/vo/idf/coverme01.wav=idf coverme
sound/player/vo/idf/coverme03.wav=idf coverme
sound/player/vo/idf/affirmative01.wav=idf affirmative
sound/player/vo/idf/affirmative05.wav=idf affirmative
sound/player/vo/idf/affirmative03.wav=idf affirmative
sound/player/vo/idf/affirmative02.wav=idf affirmative
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire09.wav=idf friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_needbackup03.wav=idf radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_needbackup02.wav=idf radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_needbackup01.wav=idf radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/idf/followingfriend02.wav=idf followingfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/followingfriend01.wav=idf followingfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/followingfriend04.wav=idf followingfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/followingfriend05.wav=idf followingfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/niceshot03.wav=idf niceshot
sound/player/vo/idf/niceshot06.wav=idf niceshot
sound/player/vo/idf/niceshot04.wav=idf niceshot
sound/player/vo/idf/niceshot07.wav=idf niceshot
sound/player/vo/idf/niceshot02.wav=idf niceshot
sound/player/vo/idf/niceshot01.wav=idf niceshot
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_molotov02.wav=idf ct molotov
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_molotov01.wav=idf ct molotov
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_molotov04.wav=idf ct molotov
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_molotov03.wav=idf ct molotov
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendsolid04.wav=idf radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendsolid03.wav=idf radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendsolid02.wav=idf radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendsolid05.wav=idf radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendsolid01.wav=idf radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_enemyspotted01.wav=idf radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_enemyspotted04.wav=idf radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=idf radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/idf/inposition01.wav=idf inposition
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=idf radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/idf/killedfriend06.wav=idf killedfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/killedfriend01.wav=idf killedfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/killedfriend02.wav=idf killedfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/killedfriend03.wav=idf killedfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/killedfriend05.wav=idf killedfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/killedfriend04.wav=idf killedfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/oneenemyleft02.wav=idf oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/idf/oneenemyleft03.wav=idf oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/idf/oneenemyleft04.wav=idf oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/idf/oneenemyleft06.wav=idf oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/idf/oneenemyleft05.wav=idf oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/idf/oneenemyleft01.wav=idf oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_decoy02.wav=idf ct decoy
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_decoy03.wav=idf ct decoy
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_decoy01.wav=idf ct decoy
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_death01.wav=idf ct death
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_death04.wav=idf ct death
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_death05.wav=idf ct death
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_death03.wav=idf ct death
sound/player/vo/idf/help03.wav=idf help
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_death02.wav=idf ct death
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotreponsenegative01.wav=idf radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_bombexploding03.wav=idf ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotfallback02.wav=idf radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotfallback03.wav=idf radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotfallback01.wav=idf radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/idf/incombat07.wav=idf incombat
sound/player/vo/idf/incombat06.wav=idf incombat
sound/player/vo/idf/incombat09.wav=idf incombat
sound/player/vo/idf/incombat02.wav=idf incombat
sound/player/vo/idf/incombat01.wav=idf incombat
sound/player/vo/idf/incombat04.wav=idf incombat
sound/player/vo/idf/incombat03.wav=idf incombat
sound/player/vo/idf/incombat05.wav=idf incombat
sound/player/vo/idf/thanks04.wav=idf thanks
sound/player/vo/idf/thanks01.wav=idf thanks
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_smoke01.wav=idf ct smoke
sound/player/vo/idf/spottedbomber03.wav=idf spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/idf/spottedbomber02.wav=idf spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/idf/spottedbomber01.wav=idf spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/idf/spottedbomber04.wav=idf spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/idf/spottedbomber05.wav=idf spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/idf/agree02.wav=idf agree
sound/player/vo/idf/agree03.wav=idf agree
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source120.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/coveringfriend02.wav=idf coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/coveringfriend01.wav=idf coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/coveringfriend03.wav=idf coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/idf/scaredemote01.wav=idf scaredemote
sound/player/vo/idf/scaredemote05.wav=idf scaredemote
sound/player/vo/idf/scaredemote06.wav=idf scaredemote
sound/player/vo/idf/scaredemote02.wav=idf scaredemote
sound/player/vo/idf/scaredemote03.wav=idf scaredemote
sound/player/vo/idf/scaredemote07.wav=idf scaredemote
sound/player/vo/idf/scaredemote04.wav=idf scaredemote
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleft03.wav=idf noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleft06.wav=idf noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleft02.wav=idf noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleft04.wav=idf noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleft05.wav=idf noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleft01.wav=idf noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleft07.wav=idf noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/spottedloosebomb02.wav=idf spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/spottedloosebomb03.wav=idf spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/spottedloosebomb01.wav=idf spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/spottedloosebomb04.wav=idf spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/waitinghere02.wav=idf waitinghere
sound/player/vo/idf/waitinghere03.wav=idf waitinghere
sound/player/vo/idf/waitinghere01.wav=idf waitinghere
sound/player/vo/idf/clearedarea02.wav=idf clearedarea
sound/player/vo/idf/clearedarea04.wav=idf clearedarea
sound/player/vo/idf/clearedarea01.wav=idf clearedarea
sound/player/vo/idf/clearedarea03.wav=idf clearedarea
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag05.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag10.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag11.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag12.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag08.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag03.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag06.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag09.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag01.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag07.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/onarollbrag04.wav=idf onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendclose01.wav=idf radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendclose02.wav=idf radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendclose03.wav=idf radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendclean04.wav=idf radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendclean01.wav=idf radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendclean03.wav=idf radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotendclean02.wav=idf radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/idf/guardingloosebomb01.wav=idf guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/guardingloosebomb02.wav=idf guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/guardingloosebomb03.wav=idf guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_bombexploding01.wav=idf ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_bombexploding02.wav=idf ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotreponsenegative03.wav=idf radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source05.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source10.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source140.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/goingtoguardloosebomb03.wav=idf goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source139.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source14.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source15.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source112.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source60.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source84.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source01.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source77.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source116.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source118.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source136.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source121.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source36.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source92.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source27.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source107.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source69.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source125.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source83.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source04.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source72.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source127.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source63.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source76.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source88.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source131.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source67.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source57.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source68.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source104.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/agree01.wav=idf agree
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source137.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source12.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source31.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source142.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source82.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source03.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source07.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source91.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source130.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source98.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source62.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source86.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source49.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source08.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source71.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source134.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_takingfire08.wav=idf radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/idf/help01.wav=idf help
sound/player/vo/idf/help02.wav=idf help
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleftbomb04.wav=idf noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/idf/help05.wav=idf help
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_takingfire03.wav=idf radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_takingfire06.wav=idf radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_takingfire09.wav=idf radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_takingfire05.wav=idf radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_takingfire02.wav=idf radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_takingfire04.wav=idf radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_takingfire01.wav=idf radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/idf/lostenemy02.wav=idf lostenemy
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload11.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload05.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload01.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload04.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/threeenemiesleft02.wav=idf threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload09.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source106.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload12.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/help04.wav=idf help
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload06.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload13.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload08.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_smoke02.wav=idf ct smoke
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload10.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/waitingforhumantodefusebomb01.wav=idf waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/thanks02.wav=idf thanks
sound/player/vo/idf/threeenemiesleft05.wav=idf threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/requestreport04.wav=idf requestreport
sound/player/vo/idf/threeenemiesleft01.wav=idf threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/theypickedupthebomb04.wav=idf theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/sniperwarning01.wav=idf sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/idf/sniperwarning02.wav=idf sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/idf/bombsiteclear04.wav=idf bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/idf/lostenemy04.wav=idf lostenemy
sound/player/vo/idf/commanderdown01.wav=idf commanderdown
sound/player/vo/idf/threeenemiesleft04.wav=idf threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/idf/commanderdown03.wav=idf commanderdown
sound/player/vo/idf/commanderdown02.wav=idf commanderdown
sound/player/vo/idf/bombsiteclear03.wav=idf bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/idf/bombsiteclear01.wav=idf bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_grenade02.wav=idf ct grenade
sound/player/vo/idf/peptalk05.wav=idf peptalk
sound/player/vo/idf/bombsiteclear02.wav=idf bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_grenade04.wav=idf ct grenade
sound/player/vo/idf/waitingforhumantodefusebomb02.wav=idf waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/waitingforhumantodefusebomb03.wav=idf waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotregroup01.wav=idf radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotregroup03.wav=idf radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotregroup02.wav=idf radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobotregroup04.wav=idf radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/idf/waitingforhumantodefusebomb04.wav=idf waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_grenade01.wav=idf ct grenade
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_grenade05.wav=idf ct grenade
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_grenade03.wav=idf ct grenade
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload07.wav=idf radio locknload
sound/player/vo/idf/enemydown04.wav=idf enemydown
sound/player/vo/idf/enemydown07.wav=idf enemydown
sound/player/vo/idf/enemydown01.wav=idf enemydown
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_smoke03.wav=idf ct smoke
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source94.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/enemydown06.wav=idf enemydown
sound/player/vo/idf/enemydown09.wav=idf enemydown
sound/player/vo/idf/enemydown02.wav=idf enemydown
sound/player/vo/idf/enemydown03.wav=idf enemydown
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_letsgo04.wav=idf radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_letsgo02.wav=idf radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_letsgo01.wav=idf radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_letsgo03.wav=idf radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_letsgo05.wav=idf radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/idf/lastmanstanding04.wav=idf lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/idf/lostenemy01.wav=idf lostenemy
sound/player/vo/idf/lastmanstanding02.wav=idf lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/idf/lastmanstanding05.wav=idf lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/idf/lastmanstanding03.wav=idf lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/idf/lastmanstanding06.wav=idf lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_takingfire07.wav=idf radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source42.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source113.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source74.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source18.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source103.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source33.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source59.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source109.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source35.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/waitingforhumantodefusebomb05.wav=idf waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/disagree01.wav=idf disagree
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source02.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source119.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source65.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source101.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source108.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source99.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source115.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source79.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source128.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source133.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source16.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source45.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source95.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source30.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source97.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/reportingin02.wav=idf reportingin
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source09.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/blinded02.wav=idf blinded
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source81.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/whereisthebomb04.wav=idf whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source06.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source90.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source28.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source111.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source47.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source44.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source37.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/theypickedupthebomb01.wav=idf theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source56.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/heardnoise01.wav=idf heardnoise
sound/player/vo/idf/heardnoise03.wav=idf heardnoise
sound/player/vo/idf/heardnoise02.wav=idf heardnoise
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source20.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source48.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/blinded01.wav=idf blinded
sound/player/vo/idf/blinded03.wav=idf blinded
sound/player/vo/idf/lastmanstanding01.wav=idf lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/idf/theypickedupthebomb03.wav=idf theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/theypickedupthebomb02.wav=idf theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_bombexploding04.wav=idf ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/idf/requestreport02.wav=idf requestreport
sound/player/vo/idf/requestreport01.wav=idf requestreport
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source38.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/reportingin01.wav=idf reportingin
sound/player/vo/idf/pinneddown02.wav=idf pinneddown
sound/player/vo/idf/pinneddown01.wav=idf pinneddown
sound/player/vo/idf/pinneddown03.wav=idf pinneddown
sound/player/vo/idf/pinneddown04.wav=idf pinneddown
sound/player/vo/idf/defusingbomb02.wav=idf defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/idf/defusingbomb01.wav=idf defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/idf/defusingbomb03.wav=idf defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/idf/sniperkilled01.wav=idf sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/idf/sniperkilled02.wav=idf sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/idf/sniperkilled03.wav=idf sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobothold02.wav=idf radiobothold
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleftbomb02.wav=idf noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobothold03.wav=idf radiobothold
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobothold01.wav=idf radiobothold
sound/player/vo/idf/goingtoguardloosebomb02.wav=idf goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/goingtoguardloosebomb01.wav=idf goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_flashbang01.wav=idf ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_flashbang03.wav=idf ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/idf/ct_flashbang02.wav=idf ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/idf/ctmap_cs_source11.wav=idf ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/idf/whereisthebomb03.wav=idf whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/whereisthebomb01.wav=idf whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/idf/onmyway03.wav=idf onmyway
sound/player/vo/idf/onmyway01.wav=idf onmyway
sound/player/vo/idf/onmyway04.wav=idf onmyway
sound/player/vo/idf/onmyway02.wav=idf onmyway
sound/player/vo/idf/inposition03.wav=idf inposition
sound/player/vo/idf/inposition02.wav=idf inposition
sound/player/vo/idf/negative01.wav=idf negative
sound/player/vo/idf/negative02.wav=idf negative
sound/player/vo/idf/bombtickingdown05.wav=idf bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/idf/bombtickingdown01.wav=idf bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/idf/bombtickingdown02.wav=idf bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/idf/bombtickingdown03.wav=idf bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/idf/bombtickingdown04.wav=idf bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleftbomb05.wav=idf noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleftbomb01.wav=idf noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/idf/noenemiesleftbomb03.wav=idf noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobottime02.wav=idf radiobottime
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobottime04.wav=idf radiobottime
sound/player/vo/idf/radiobottime01.wav=idf radiobottime
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_followme07.wav=idf radio followme
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_followme01.wav=idf radio followme
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_followme05.wav=idf radio followme
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_followme06.wav=idf radio followme
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_followme04.wav=idf radio followme
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_followme03.wav=idf radio followme
sound/player/vo/idf/disagree06.wav=idf disagree
sound/player/vo/idf/disagree02.wav=idf disagree
sound/player/vo/idf/disagree03.wav=idf disagree
sound/player/vo/idf/disagree05.wav=idf disagree
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_locknload02.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/idf/radio_letsgo06.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/idf/peptalk01.wav=idf peptalk
sound/player/vo/idf/peptalk06.wav=idf peptalk
sound/player/vo/idf/peptalk03.wav=idf peptalk
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire04.wav=idf friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire02.wav=idf friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire11.wav=idf friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire08.wav=idf friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire06.wav=idf friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire10.wav=idf friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire05.wav=idf friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire03.wav=idf friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/idf/friendlyfire01.wav=idf friendlyfire
realm=ambience
sound/ambient/ambience/rainscapes/thunder_close04.wav=weather thunder close
sound/ambient/ambience/rainscapes/crucial_surfacerain_light_loop.wav=crucial surfacerain light loop
sound/ambient/ambience/rainscapes/thunder_close01.wav=weather thunder close
sound/ambient/ambience/rainscapes/thunder_close02.wav=weather thunder close
sound/ambient/ambience/rainscapes/thunder_close03.wav=weather thunder close
realm=gas
sound/ambient/gas/steam_loop1.wav=ambient steam
sound/ambient/gas/cannister_loop.wav=test thruster loop
sound/ambient/gas/steam2.wav=steam
realm=bot
sound/bot/null.wav=null
sound/bot/aw_hell.wav=bot fell off
realm=phoenix_coop
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoguardhostageescapezone03.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/pinneddown03.wav=phoenix heavy coop pinneddown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/agree07.wav=phoenix coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/twoenemiesleft04.wav=phoenix heavy coop twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/defendingbombsitea02.wav=phoenix heavy coop defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/spottedloosebomb06.wav=phoenix coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/agree03.wav=phoenix heavy coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoguardhostageescapezone01.wav=phoenix coop goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobothold02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobothold
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_followme03.wav=phoenix coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/oneenemyleft08.wav=phoenix coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/help01.wav=phoenix coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/defendingbombsitea02.wav=phoenix coop defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/reportingin03.wav=phoenix coop reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/reportingin02.wav=phoenix coop reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/reportingin01.wav=phoenix coop reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/reportingin04.wav=phoenix coop reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_taunt03.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy taunt
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_taunt05.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy taunt
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_taunt02.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy taunt
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_taunt01.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy taunt
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_taunt04.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy taunt
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoplantbombb02.wav=phoenix coop goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoplantbombb01.wav=phoenix coop goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/sniperkilled04.wav=phoenix coop sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/sniperkilled01.wav=phoenix coop sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/sniperkilled02.wav=phoenix coop sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/sniperkilled03.wav=phoenix coop sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onmyway04.wav=phoenix heavy coop onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onmyway03.wav=phoenix heavy coop onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onmyway02.wav=phoenix heavy coop onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onmyway01.wav=phoenix heavy coop onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/oneenemyleft06.wav=phoenix heavy coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/oneenemyleft12.wav=phoenix heavy coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/oneenemyleft10.wav=phoenix heavy coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/oneenemyleft08.wav=phoenix heavy coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/oneenemyleft04.wav=phoenix heavy coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/oneenemyleft11.wav=phoenix heavy coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/oneenemyleft05.wav=phoenix heavy coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/coveringfriend03.wav=phoenix heavy coop coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/heardnoise05.wav=phoenix coop heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lostenemy02.wav=phoenix heavy coop lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/coveringfriend01.wav=phoenix heavy coop coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/coveringfriend02.wav=phoenix heavy coop coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/clear01.wav=phoenix heavy coop clear
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/clear03.wav=phoenix heavy coop clear
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/clear02.wav=phoenix heavy coop clear
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_needbackup03.wav=phoenix coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_needbackup02.wav=phoenix coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_needbackup06.wav=phoenix coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_needbackup05.wav=phoenix coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_needbackup01.wav=phoenix coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/enemydown08.wav=phoenix coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/enemydown01.wav=phoenix coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/enemydown04.wav=phoenix coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/enemydown09.wav=phoenix coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/enemydown07.wav=phoenix coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/enemydown03.wav=phoenix coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/enemydown05.wav=phoenix coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/enemydown06.wav=phoenix coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/enemydown02.wav=phoenix coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/sniperkilled03.wav=phoenix heavy coop sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/sniperkilled04.wav=phoenix heavy coop sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/sniperkilled02.wav=phoenix heavy coop sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/sniperkilled01.wav=phoenix heavy coop sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_taunt02_alt01.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy taunt alt
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/help05.wav=phoenix coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/help04.wav=phoenix coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/disagree01.wav=phoenix coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/help03.wav=phoenix coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/help02.wav=phoenix coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/thanks01.wav=phoenix heavy coop thanks
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/thanks04.wav=phoenix heavy coop thanks
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload05.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/bombtickingdown03.wav=phoenix heavy coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/bombtickingdown05.wav=phoenix heavy coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/bombtickingdown01.wav=phoenix heavy coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/bombtickingdown04.wav=phoenix heavy coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/bombtickingdown02.wav=phoenix heavy coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/disagree01.wav=phoenix heavy coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/killedfriend02.wav=phoenix heavy coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/killedfriend01.wav=phoenix heavy coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/killedfriend03.wav=phoenix heavy coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/killedfriend04.wav=phoenix heavy coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/killedfriend05.wav=phoenix heavy coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload12.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload05.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload10.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload06.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload07.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload11.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload08.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload04.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_locknload09.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/pinneddown02.wav=phoenix coop pinneddown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/pinneddown01.wav=phoenix coop pinneddown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/pinneddown03.wav=phoenix coop pinneddown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_grenade02.wav=phoenix coop t grenade
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_grenade04.wav=phoenix coop t grenade
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_grenade05.wav=phoenix coop t grenade
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/waitinghere03.wav=phoenix coop waitinghere
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/waitinghere02.wav=phoenix coop waitinghere
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/waitinghere01.wav=phoenix coop waitinghere
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_takingfire04.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_takingfire01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_takingfire05.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_takingfire02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_takingfire06.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_takingfire03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/coveringfriend03.wav=phoenix coop coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/coveringfriend01.wav=phoenix coop coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/coveringfriend02.wav=phoenix coop coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag07.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag04.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag06.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag11.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag08.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag09.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag05.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag02.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag12.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag01.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag14.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag03.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag13.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag15.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/onarollbrag10.wav=phoenix heavy coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/peptalk02.wav=phoenix heavy coop peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/peptalk07.wav=phoenix heavy coop peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/peptalk01.wav=phoenix heavy coop peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/peptalk03.wav=phoenix heavy coop peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lostenemy04.wav=phoenix coop lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lostenemy03.wav=phoenix coop lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lostenemy01.wav=phoenix coop lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lostenemy02.wav=phoenix coop lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat05.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat09.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat08.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat04.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat10.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat07.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat03.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat06.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat10.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat06.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat07.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat08.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat01.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat04.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat09.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat02.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/sniperwarning01.wav=phoenix heavy coop sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/sniperwarning02.wav=phoenix heavy coop sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/peptalk01.wav=phoenix coop peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/peptalk02.wav=phoenix coop peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/peptalk03.wav=phoenix coop peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/followingfriend01.wav=phoenix heavy coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/followingfriend04.wav=phoenix heavy coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/followingfriend05.wav=phoenix heavy coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/followingfriend02.wav=phoenix heavy coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/plantingbomb01.wav=phoenix coop plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/plantingbomb02.wav=phoenix coop plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/plantingbomb03.wav=phoenix coop plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/plantingbomb04.wav=phoenix coop plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/enemydown01.wav=phoenix heavy coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/sniperwarning03.wav=phoenix coop sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/enemydown05.wav=phoenix heavy coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/enemydown08.wav=phoenix heavy coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/enemydown04.wav=phoenix heavy coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/enemydown07.wav=phoenix heavy coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/enemydown03.wav=phoenix heavy coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/enemydown06.wav=phoenix heavy coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/enemydown02.wav=phoenix heavy coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotregroup01.wav=phoenix coop radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotregroup03.wav=phoenix coop radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/affirmative02.wav=phoenix coop affirmative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/affirmative03.wav=phoenix coop affirmative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/affirmative01.wav=phoenix coop affirmative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat01.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/thanks04.wav=phoenix coop thanks
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_letsgo03.wav=phoenix coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/friendlyfire03.wav=phoenix coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/friendlyfire04.wav=phoenix coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/friendlyfire07.wav=phoenix coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/friendlyfire01.wav=phoenix coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/friendlyfire05.wav=phoenix coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/friendlyfire02.wav=phoenix coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/friendlyfire06.wav=phoenix coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/defendingbombsitea04.wav=phoenix heavy coop defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat03.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/defendingbombsitea01.wav=phoenix heavy coop defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/defendingbombsitea03.wav=phoenix heavy coop defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_decoy01.wav=phoenix coop t decoy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtodefendbombsite02.wav=phoenix coop goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_decoy03.wav=phoenix coop t decoy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/bombtickingdown03.wav=phoenix coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/bombtickingdown04.wav=phoenix coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/bombtickingdown05.wav=phoenix coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoplantbomba01.wav=phoenix coop goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/bombtickingdown02.wav=phoenix coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lastmanstanding01.wav=phoenix heavy coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lastmanstanding02.wav=phoenix heavy coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lastmanstanding06.wav=phoenix heavy coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lastmanstanding07.wav=phoenix heavy coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lastmanstanding04.wav=phoenix heavy coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/peptalk07.wav=phoenix coop peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/thanks01.wav=phoenix coop thanks
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lastmanstanding03.wav=phoenix heavy coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lastmanstanding05.wav=phoenix heavy coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_letsgo01.wav=phoenix coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_letsgo05.wav=phoenix coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_letsgo09.wav=phoenix coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_letsgo08.wav=phoenix coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_letsgo07.wav=phoenix coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_letsgo04.wav=phoenix coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/thanks02.wav=phoenix coop thanks
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_letsgo02.wav=phoenix coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/enemydown09.wav=phoenix heavy coop enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/negativeno05.wav=phoenix coop negativeno
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/scaredemote08.wav=phoenix heavy coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/scaredemote04.wav=phoenix heavy coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/scaredemote05.wav=phoenix heavy coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/scaredemote02.wav=phoenix heavy coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/scaredemote01.wav=phoenix heavy coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/scaredemote06.wav=phoenix heavy coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/scaredemote03.wav=phoenix heavy coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobothold03.wav=phoenix coop radiobothold
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobothold02.wav=phoenix coop radiobothold
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobothold01.wav=phoenix coop radiobothold
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag01.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag06.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag09.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag15.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag02.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag10.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/sniperwarning03.wav=phoenix heavy coop sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag03.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag11.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag04.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag14.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag08.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag07.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag05.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag12.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/requestreport02.wav=phoenix heavy coop requestreport
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/threeenemiesleft01.wav=phoenix coop threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/threeenemiesleft05.wav=phoenix coop threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_molotov01.wav=phoenix coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/help04.wav=phoenix heavy coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/threeenemiesleft02.wav=phoenix coop threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/help01.wav=phoenix heavy coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/help03.wav=phoenix heavy coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/help02.wav=phoenix heavy coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/help05.wav=phoenix heavy coop help
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendclean02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendclean03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendclean07.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendclean08.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m2_office_guard03.wav=phoenix heavy coop m office guard
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m2_office_guard05.wav=phoenix heavy coop m office guard
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m2_office_guard01.wav=phoenix heavy coop m office guard
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/threeenemiesleft04.wav=phoenix coop threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload08.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoplantbomba02.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m3_kill_imogen01.wav=phoenix heavy coop m kill imogen
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload01.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload11.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload09.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload04.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/requestreport03.wav=phoenix heavy coop requestreport
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoplantbomba01.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/defendingbombsiteb05.wav=phoenix coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_molotov05.wav=phoenix coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload03.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/defendingbombsiteb03.wav=phoenix heavy coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload07.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload02.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload12.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_letsgo02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/negative03.wav=phoenix heavy coop negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m2_office_guard02.wav=phoenix heavy coop m office guard
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/negative02.wav=phoenix heavy coop negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/negative01.wav=phoenix heavy coop negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_molotov07.wav=phoenix coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/requestreport01.wav=phoenix heavy coop requestreport
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_molotov02.wav=phoenix coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_decoy02.wav=phoenix coop t decoy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtodefendbombsite01.wav=phoenix coop goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtodefendbombsite04.wav=phoenix coop goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtodefendbombsite03.wav=phoenix coop goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/agree02.wav=phoenix heavy coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoplantbomba03.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heardnoise01.wav=phoenix heavy coop heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_death03.wav=phoenix coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_death05.wav=phoenix coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_death02.wav=phoenix coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lastmanstanding02.wav=phoenix coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/killedfriend01.wav=phoenix coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoplantbomb03.wav=phoenix coop goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_smoke03.wav=phoenix heavy coop t smoke
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_letsgo06.wav=phoenix coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_grenade05.wav=phoenix heavy coop t grenade
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/killedfriend05.wav=phoenix coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload10.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/clearedarea03.wav=phoenix heavy coop clearedarea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/thanks02.wav=phoenix heavy coop thanks
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/defendingbombsiteb01.wav=phoenix heavy coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_smoke01.wav=phoenix heavy coop t smoke
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendsolid05.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/defendingbombsiteb02.wav=phoenix heavy coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/defendingbombsiteb04.wav=phoenix heavy coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/defendingbombsiteb05.wav=phoenix heavy coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_flashbang03.wav=phoenix heavy coop t flashbang
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_death04.wav=phoenix coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/killedfriend03.wav=phoenix coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_death01.wav=phoenix coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/agree01.wav=phoenix heavy coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_molotov04.wav=phoenix coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/oneenemyleft06.wav=phoenix coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/agree06.wav=phoenix heavy coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/agree07.wav=phoenix heavy coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendclean08.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoplantbomb01.wav=phoenix coop goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_flashbang02.wav=phoenix heavy coop t flashbang
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_flashbang01.wav=phoenix heavy coop t flashbang
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/coverme03.wav=phoenix heavy coop coverme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_smoke02.wav=phoenix heavy coop t smoke
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/coverme03.wav=phoenix coop coverme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/coverme02.wav=phoenix coop coverme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/incombat05.wav=phoenix coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/coverme01.wav=phoenix coop coverme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendclean07.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendclean03.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/agree04.wav=phoenix heavy coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendclean01.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendclean04.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendclean06.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendclean05.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_grenade02.wav=phoenix heavy coop t grenade
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_grenade04.wav=phoenix heavy coop t grenade
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/negative04.wav=phoenix heavy coop negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendsolid02.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendsolid06.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendsolid04.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendsolid03.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_locknload06.wav=phoenix coop radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendsolid01.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m3_kill_imogen05.wav=phoenix heavy coop m kill imogen
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m3_kill_imogen03.wav=phoenix heavy coop m kill imogen
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m3_kill_imogen04.wav=phoenix heavy coop m kill imogen
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m3_kill_imogen02.wav=phoenix heavy coop m kill imogen
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/killedfriend04.wav=phoenix coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_letsgo05.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_letsgo09.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_letsgo07.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_letsgo03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_letsgo06.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_letsgo01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendsolid02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_letsgo08.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_letsgo04.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_enemyspotted01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_enemyspotted04.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m2_office_guard04.wav=phoenix heavy coop m office guard
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoplantbomb02.wav=phoenix coop goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendclean04.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/coverme02.wav=phoenix heavy coop coverme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/coverme01.wav=phoenix heavy coop coverme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_followme02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_followme01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/defendingbombsiteb04.wav=phoenix coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m1_ambush_continued.wav=phoenix heavy coop m ambush continued
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_followme05.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_followme03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_followme04.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heardnoise02.wav=phoenix heavy coop heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heardnoise03.wav=phoenix heavy coop heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/defendingbombsiteb03.wav=phoenix coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onarollbrag13.wav=phoenix coop onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/defendingbombsiteb01.wav=phoenix coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/defendingbombsiteb02.wav=phoenix coop defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendclean01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendclean05.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/incombat02.wav=phoenix heavy coop incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_decoy01.wav=phoenix heavy coop t decoy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_decoy03.wav=phoenix heavy coop t decoy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/killedfriend02.wav=phoenix coop killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_decoy02.wav=phoenix heavy coop t decoy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoplantbombb01.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoplantbombb02.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_flashbang03.wav=phoenix coop t flashbang
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/twoenemiesleft03.wav=phoenix coop twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_molotov07.wav=phoenix heavy coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_molotov05.wav=phoenix heavy coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_molotov04.wav=phoenix heavy coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_molotov03.wav=phoenix heavy coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_molotov01.wav=phoenix heavy coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/blinded01.wav=phoenix coop blinded
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/blinded06.wav=phoenix coop blinded
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/blinded05.wav=phoenix coop blinded
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/bombtickingdown01.wav=phoenix coop bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoplantbomba02.wav=phoenix coop goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/friendlyfire04.wav=phoenix heavy coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/blinded02.wav=phoenix heavy coop blinded
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/blinded03.wav=phoenix heavy coop blinded
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/blinded01.wav=phoenix heavy coop blinded
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoguardhostageescapezone02.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoguardhostageescapezone01.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/inposition02.wav=phoenix coop inposition
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/inposition01.wav=phoenix coop inposition
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/inposition03.wav=phoenix coop inposition
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_needbackup03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendclean06.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_needbackup06.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/followingfriend03.wav=phoenix heavy coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_needbackup01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_needbackup05.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_needbackup02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_molotov02.wav=phoenix heavy coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/twoenemiesleft04.wav=phoenix coop twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/twoenemiesleft02.wav=phoenix coop twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/twoenemiesleft05.wav=phoenix coop twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/twoenemiesleft01.wav=phoenix coop twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotfallback02.wav=phoenix coop radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotfallback03.wav=phoenix coop radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotfallback01.wav=phoenix coop radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_followme05.wav=phoenix coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_followme04.wav=phoenix coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_followme01.wav=phoenix coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_followme06.wav=phoenix coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_followme02.wav=phoenix coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_enemyspotted04.wav=phoenix coop radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_enemyspotted01.wav=phoenix coop radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=phoenix coop radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=phoenix coop radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/followingfriend02.wav=phoenix coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/followingfriend01.wav=phoenix coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/followingfriend04.wav=phoenix coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/followingfriend03.wav=phoenix coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/followingfriend05.wav=phoenix coop followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_smoke01.wav=phoenix coop t smoke
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_smoke03.wav=phoenix coop t smoke
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_smoke02.wav=phoenix coop t smoke
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/scaredemote01.wav=phoenix coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/scaredemote02.wav=phoenix coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/scaredemote03.wav=phoenix coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/scaredemote08.wav=phoenix coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/scaredemote06.wav=phoenix coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/scaredemote04.wav=phoenix coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/scaredemote05.wav=phoenix coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/scaredemote07.wav=phoenix coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m1_ambush_start.wav=phoenix heavy coop m ambush start
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/affirmative03.wav=phoenix heavy coop affirmative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/affirmative02.wav=phoenix heavy coop affirmative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotendclean02.wav=phoenix coop radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/affirmative01.wav=phoenix heavy coop affirmative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/negativeno05.wav=phoenix heavy coop negativeno
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/defendingbombsitea04.wav=phoenix coop defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/defendingbombsitea03.wav=phoenix coop defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/defendingbombsitea01.wav=phoenix coop defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotregroup03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotregroup01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotregroup02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/scaredemote07.wav=phoenix heavy coop scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/clearedarea02.wav=phoenix coop clearedarea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/clearedarea01.wav=phoenix coop clearedarea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/clearedarea03.wav=phoenix coop clearedarea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/waitinghere02.wav=phoenix heavy coop waitinghere
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/waitinghere03.wav=phoenix heavy coop waitinghere
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/waitinghere01.wav=phoenix heavy coop waitinghere
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoplantbomb02.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radiobotregroup02.wav=phoenix coop radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoplantbomb03.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtoplantbomb01.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotfallback01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotfallback02.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotfallback03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lostenemy03.wav=phoenix heavy coop lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lostenemy04.wav=phoenix heavy coop lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/lostenemy01.wav=phoenix heavy coop lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/plantingbomb03.wav=phoenix heavy coop plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/plantingbomb04.wav=phoenix heavy coop plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/plantingbomb01.wav=phoenix heavy coop plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/plantingbomb02.wav=phoenix heavy coop plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m1_last_gate02.wav=phoenix heavy coop m last gate
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m1_last_gate05.wav=phoenix heavy coop m last gate
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m1_last_gate04.wav=phoenix heavy coop m last gate
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m1_last_gate01.wav=phoenix heavy coop m last gate
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/m1_last_gate03.wav=phoenix heavy coop m last gate
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onmyway03.wav=phoenix coop onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onmyway02.wav=phoenix coop onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onmyway01.wav=phoenix coop onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/clear02.wav=phoenix coop clear
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoguardhostageescapezone03.wav=phoenix coop goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoguardhostageescapezone02.wav=phoenix coop goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_trapped05.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy trapped
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_trapped04.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy trapped
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_trapped03.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy trapped
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_trapped02.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy trapped
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heavy_trapped01.wav=phoenix heavy coop heavy trapped
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/heardnoise02.wav=phoenix coop heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/heardnoise03.wav=phoenix coop heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/heardnoise01.wav=phoenix coop heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/reportingin04.wav=phoenix heavy coop reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/reportingin03.wav=phoenix heavy coop reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/reportingin02.wav=phoenix heavy coop reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/reportingin01.wav=phoenix heavy coop reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/inposition01.wav=phoenix heavy coop inposition
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/inposition03.wav=phoenix heavy coop inposition
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/inposition02.wav=phoenix heavy coop inposition
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_takingfire02.wav=phoenix coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_takingfire03.wav=phoenix coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_takingfire04.wav=phoenix coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_takingfire06.wav=phoenix coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_takingfire05.wav=phoenix coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/radio_takingfire01.wav=phoenix coop radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/oneenemyleft12.wav=phoenix coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/oneenemyleft05.wav=phoenix coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/oneenemyleft04.wav=phoenix coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_molotov03.wav=phoenix coop t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/oneenemyleft10.wav=phoenix coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radio_followme06.wav=phoenix heavy coop radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/oneenemyleft11.wav=phoenix coop oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot13.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot04.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot01.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot12.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot08.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot07.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot11.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot06.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot05.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot02.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot10.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot09.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/niceshot03.wav=phoenix coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lastmanstanding04.wav=phoenix coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lastmanstanding03.wav=phoenix coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lastmanstanding01.wav=phoenix coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lastmanstanding06.wav=phoenix coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lastmanstanding05.wav=phoenix coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/lastmanstanding07.wav=phoenix coop lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/clear01.wav=phoenix coop clear
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/threeenemiesleft04.wav=phoenix heavy coop threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/threeenemiesleft01.wav=phoenix heavy coop threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/heardnoise05.wav=phoenix heavy coop heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/threeenemiesleft02.wav=phoenix heavy coop threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/threeenemiesleft05.wav=phoenix heavy coop threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/negative02.wav=phoenix coop negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/negative03.wav=phoenix coop negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/negative01.wav=phoenix coop negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/negative04.wav=phoenix coop negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/spottedloosebomb01.wav=phoenix heavy coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/spottedloosebomb06.wav=phoenix heavy coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/spottedloosebomb02.wav=phoenix heavy coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/spottedloosebomb03.wav=phoenix heavy coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/spottedloosebomb05.wav=phoenix heavy coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/spottedloosebomb04.wav=phoenix heavy coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/clear03.wav=phoenix coop clear
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/onmyway04.wav=phoenix coop onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/clearedarea01.wav=phoenix heavy coop clearedarea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/clearedarea02.wav=phoenix heavy coop clearedarea
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/friendlyfire03.wav=phoenix heavy coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/friendlyfire06.wav=phoenix heavy coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/friendlyfire02.wav=phoenix heavy coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/friendlyfire05.wav=phoenix heavy coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/goingtoplantbomba03.wav=phoenix coop goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/friendlyfire07.wav=phoenix heavy coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/friendlyfire01.wav=phoenix heavy coop friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/requestreport03.wav=phoenix coop requestreport
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/requestreport02.wav=phoenix coop requestreport
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_death04.wav=phoenix heavy coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtodefendbombsite02.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtodefendbombsite04.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtodefendbombsite01.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/goingtodefendbombsite03.wav=phoenix heavy coop goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobothold03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobothold
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobothold01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobothold
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot02.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot06.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot13.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot05.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot03.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot10.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot04.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot08.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot09.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot01.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot11.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot12.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/niceshot07.wav=phoenix heavy coop niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_death01.wav=phoenix heavy coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/requestreport01.wav=phoenix coop requestreport
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_death05.wav=phoenix heavy coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_death02.wav=phoenix heavy coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/t_death03.wav=phoenix heavy coop t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/pinneddown01.wav=phoenix heavy coop pinneddown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/pinneddown02.wav=phoenix heavy coop pinneddown
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/disagree02.wav=phoenix heavy coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/disagree06.wav=phoenix heavy coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/disagree05.wav=phoenix heavy coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/disagree03.wav=phoenix heavy coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/agree06.wav=phoenix coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/agree04.wav=phoenix coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/agree01.wav=phoenix coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/agree03.wav=phoenix coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/agree02.wav=phoenix coop agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendsolid03.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendsolid05.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendsolid04.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendsolid06.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/radiobotendsolid01.wav=phoenix heavy coop radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/sniperwarning01.wav=phoenix coop sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/sniperwarning02.wav=phoenix coop sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_flashbang01.wav=phoenix coop t flashbang
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/t_flashbang02.wav=phoenix coop t flashbang
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/disagree03.wav=phoenix coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/disagree06.wav=phoenix coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/disagree02.wav=phoenix coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/disagree05.wav=phoenix coop disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/spottedloosebomb03.wav=phoenix coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/spottedloosebomb04.wav=phoenix coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/spottedloosebomb02.wav=phoenix coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/spottedloosebomb01.wav=phoenix coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/spottedloosebomb05.wav=phoenix coop spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/twoenemiesleft01.wav=phoenix heavy coop twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/twoenemiesleft05.wav=phoenix heavy coop twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/twoenemiesleft03.wav=phoenix heavy coop twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix_coop/phoenix_heavy/twoenemiesleft02.wav=phoenix heavy coop twoenemiesleft
realm=water
sound/ambient/water/water_spray3.wav=splash splash sound
sound/ambient/water/distant_drip2.wav=distant drip
sound/player/water/pl_wade1.wav=pl wade
sound/ambient/water/corridor_water.wav=corridor water
sound/ambient/water/water_run1.wav=water run
sound/ambient/water/drip_loop1.wav=pipe water drip
sound/ambient/water/underwater.wav=player ambient under water
sound/ambient/water/distant_drip1.wav=distant drip
sound/ambient/water/wave1.wav=wave
sound/ambient/water/water_spray1.wav=splash splash sound
sound/ambient/water/water_spray2.wav=splash splash sound
sound/ambient/water/water_splash1.wav=physics water splash
sound/ambient/water/water_splash3.wav=physics water splash
sound/ambient/water/lake_water.wav=lake water
sound/player/water/pl_wade2.wav=pl wade
sound/ambient/water/water_splash2.wav=physics water splash
sound/ambient/water/water_flow_loop1.wav=water flood finished loop
sound/ambient/water/distant_drip3.wav=distant drip
sound/ambient/water/distant_drip4.wav=distant drip
realm=nature
sound/ambient/nature/shoots_jungle_lp_01.wav=shoots jungle lp
sound/ambient/nature/fire/fire_small1.wav=fire plasma
sound/ambient/nature/boathouse_bird_amb.wav=boathouse bird amb
sound/ambient/nature/waterfall_mediumloop05.wav=waterfall mediumloop
sound/ambient/nature/water_streamloop3.wav=water streamloop
sound/ambient/nature/water_gently_lapping.wav=water gently lapping
sound/ambient/nature/shoots_jungle_lp_02.wav=shoots jungle lp
sound/ambient/nature/shoots_jungle_lp_03.wav=shoots jungle lp
sound/ambient/nature/wind_leaves_mild_gust_1.wav=wind leaves mild gust
sound/ambient/nature/woodland_ambient_1.wav=woodland ambient
realm=nuke
sound/ambient/nuke/nuke_room_01.wav=nuke room
sound/ambient/nuke/nuclear_pump_01.wav=nuclear pump
sound/ambient/nuke/ramproom_01.wav=ramproom
sound/ambient/nuke/water_pump_01.wav=water pump
sound/ambient/nuke/vent_01.wav=vent
sound/ambient/nuke/water_stream_04.wav=water stream
sound/ambient/nuke/water_lap_06.wav=water lap
sound/ambient/nuke/water_lap_01.wav=water lap
sound/ambient/nuke/water_lap_02.wav=water lap
sound/ambient/nuke/water_lap_04.wav=water lap
sound/ambient/nuke/water_lap_05.wav=water lap
sound/ambient/nuke/water_lap_03.wav=water lap
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_06.wav=machine
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_03.wav=machine
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_05.wav=machine
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_office_08.wav=machine office
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_16.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_13.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_07.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_01.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_06.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_11.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/silo_01.wav=silo
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_04.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_05.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/air_02.wav=air
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_12.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_15.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_08.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_03.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/airplane_01.wav=airplane
sound/ambient/nuke/airplane_03.wav=airplane
sound/ambient/nuke/airplane_02.wav=airplane
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_09.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/interior_office_01.wav=interior office
sound/ambient/nuke/airplane_04.wav=airplane
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_02.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/interior_03.wav=interior
sound/ambient/nuke/interior_02.wav=interior
sound/ambient/nuke/interior_09.wav=interior
sound/ambient/nuke/interior_office_02.wav=interior office
sound/ambient/nuke/interior_04.wav=interior
sound/ambient/nuke/interior_07.wav=interior
sound/ambient/nuke/interior_office_04.wav=interior office
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_office_05.wav=machine office
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_office_01.wav=machine office
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_hum_01.wav=substation hum
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_office_09.wav=machine office
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_02.wav=machine
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_office_07.wav=machine office
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_office_02.wav=machine office
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_office_03.wav=machine office
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_office_06.wav=coop cementplant mission computer waiting
sound/ambient/nuke/machine_office_04.wav=coop cementplant mission computer press
sound/ambient/nuke/vent_03.wav=vent
sound/ambient/nuke/vent_02.wav=vent
sound/ambient/nuke/nuclear_pump_05.wav=nuclear pump
sound/ambient/nuke/nuclear_pump_02.wav=nuclear pump
sound/ambient/nuke/nuclear_pump_04.wav=nuclear pump
sound/ambient/nuke/exterior_06.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_oneshot_14.wav=substation oneshot
sound/ambient/nuke/exterior_01.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/nuke/exterior_09.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/nuke/exterior_10.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/nuke/fan_01.wav=fan
sound/ambient/nuke/exterior_08.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/nuke/exterior_12.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/nuke/exterior_02.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/nuke/exterior_05.wav=exterior
sound/ambient/nuke/ramproom_02.wav=ramproom
sound/ambient/nuke/ramproom_04.wav=ramproom
sound/ambient/nuke/ramproom_06.wav=ramproom
sound/ambient/nuke/ramproom_05.wav=ramproom
sound/ambient/nuke/substation_hum_02.wav=substation hum
sound/ambient/nuke/fan_03.wav=fan
realm=separatist
sound/player/vo/separatist/followingfriend04.wav=separatist followingfriend
sound/player/vo/separatist/disagree04.wav=separatist disagree
sound/player/vo/separatist/coverme03.wav=separatist coverme
sound/player/vo/separatist/help02.wav=separatist help
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoguardhostageescapezone01.wav=separatist goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/separatist/onmyway02.wav=separatist onmyway
sound/player/vo/separatist/onmyway01.wav=separatist onmyway
sound/player/vo/separatist/onmyway04.wav=separatist onmyway
sound/player/vo/separatist/hostagedown04.wav=separatist hostagedown
sound/player/vo/separatist/hostagedown03.wav=separatist hostagedown
sound/player/vo/separatist/hostagedown02.wav=separatist hostagedown
sound/player/vo/separatist/hostagedown01.wav=separatist hostagedown
sound/player/vo/separatist/agree05.wav=separatist agree
sound/player/vo/separatist/requestreport03.wav=separatist requestreport
sound/player/vo/separatist/requestreport02.wav=separatist requestreport
sound/player/vo/separatist/requestreport01.wav=separatist requestreport
sound/player/vo/separatist/killedfriend01.wav=separatist killedfriend
sound/player/vo/separatist/killedfriend02.wav=separatist killedfriend
sound/player/vo/separatist/killedfriend03.wav=separatist killedfriend
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtodefendbombsite03.wav=separatist goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtodefendbombsite01.wav=separatist goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/separatist/scaredemote02.wav=separatist scaredemote
sound/player/vo/separatist/defendingbombsitea01.wav=separatist defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/separatist/defendingbombsitea05.wav=separatist defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/separatist/defendingbombsitea02.wav=separatist defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/separatist/defendingbombsitea03.wav=separatist defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/separatist/defendingbombsitea04.wav=separatist defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/separatist/waitinghere03.wav=separatist waitinghere
sound/player/vo/separatist/waitinghere02.wav=separatist waitinghere
sound/player/vo/separatist/waitinghere01.wav=separatist waitinghere
sound/player/vo/separatist/sniperwarning01.wav=separatist sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/separatist/sniperwarning05.wav=separatist sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/separatist/sniperwarning02.wav=separatist sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.needbackup03.wav=separatist radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.needbackup02.wav=separatist radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.needbackup01.wav=separatist radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/separatist/guardinghostages04.wav=separatist guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/separatist/guardinghostages05.wav=separatist guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/separatist/guardinghostages01.wav=separatist guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/separatist/guardinghostages02.wav=separatist guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/separatist/guardinghostages03.wav=separatist guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotquery01.wav=separatist radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotquery04.wav=separatist radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotquery05.wav=separatist radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot07.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot03.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot04.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot11.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot05.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot10.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot09.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot08.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/preventescapebrag03.wav=separatist preventescapebrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot01.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot02.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/niceshot06.wav=separatist niceshot
sound/player/vo/separatist/onarollbrag06.wav=separatist onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/onarollbrag02.wav=separatist onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/onarollbrag05.wav=separatist onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/onarollbrag01.wav=separatist onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/onarollbrag09.wav=separatist onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/onarollbrag04.wav=separatist onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/onarollbrag08.wav=separatist onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/onarollbrag03.wav=separatist onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/onarollbrag07.wav=separatist onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_grenade04.wav=separatist t grenade
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_grenade03.wav=separatist t grenade
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_grenade02.wav=separatist t grenade
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_grenade01.wav=separatist t grenade
sound/player/vo/separatist/help03.wav=separatist help
sound/player/vo/separatist/defendingbombsiteb02.wav=separatist defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/separatist/help04.wav=separatist help
sound/player/vo/separatist/help01.wav=separatist help
sound/player/vo/separatist/bombtickingdown04.wav=separatist bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/separatist/bombtickingdown01.wav=separatist bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/separatist/bombtickingdown02.wav=separatist bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/separatist/bombtickingdown03.wav=separatist bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbomba03.wav=separatist goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbomba01.wav=separatist goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbomba02.wav=separatist goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/separatist/scaredemote03.wav=separatist scaredemote
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtodefendbombsite02.wav=separatist goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/separatist/scaredemote01.wav=separatist scaredemote
sound/player/vo/separatist/scaredemote04.wav=separatist scaredemote
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendsolid02.wav=separatist radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendsolid05.wav=separatist radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendsolid01.wav=separatist radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendsolid04.wav=separatist radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendsolid03.wav=separatist radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/separatist/clearedarea01.wav=separatist clearedarea
sound/player/vo/separatist/clearedarea02.wav=separatist clearedarea
sound/player/vo/separatist/clearedarea05.wav=separatist clearedarea
sound/player/vo/separatist/clearedarea04.wav=separatist clearedarea
sound/player/vo/separatist/clearedarea03.wav=separatist clearedarea
sound/player/vo/separatist/spottedloosebomb05.wav=separatist spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/spottedloosebomb02.wav=separatist spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/spottedloosebomb06.wav=separatist spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/spottedloosebomb03.wav=separatist spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/spottedloosebomb07.wav=separatist spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/spottedloosebomb04.wav=separatist spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/spottedloosebomb01.wav=separatist spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/enemydown04.wav=separatist enemydown
sound/player/vo/separatist/enemydown02.wav=separatist enemydown
sound/player/vo/separatist/enemydown05.wav=separatist enemydown
sound/player/vo/separatist/enemydown06.wav=separatist enemydown
sound/player/vo/separatist/enemydown03.wav=separatist enemydown
sound/player/vo/separatist/enemydown07.wav=separatist enemydown
sound/player/vo/separatist/enemydown01.wav=separatist enemydown
sound/player/vo/separatist/chickenhate02.wav=separatist chickenhate
sound/player/vo/separatist/chickenhate01.wav=separatist chickenhate
sound/player/vo/separatist/chickenhate04.wav=separatist chickenhate
sound/player/vo/separatist/chickenhate03.wav=separatist chickenhate
sound/player/vo/separatist/incombat04.wav=separatist incombat
sound/player/vo/separatist/incombat03.wav=separatist incombat
sound/player/vo/separatist/incombat02.wav=separatist incombat
sound/player/vo/separatist/incombat01.wav=separatist incombat
sound/player/vo/separatist/incombat05.wav=separatist incombat
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbombc01.wav=separatist goingtoplantbombc
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbombc02.wav=separatist goingtoplantbombc
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbombc03.wav=separatist goingtoplantbombc
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy33.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy31.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy08.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy40.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy10.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy35.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy44.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy27.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy39.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy48.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy01.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy50.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy32.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy05.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy54.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy36.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbomb02.wav=separatist goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy09.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy41.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoguardhostageescapezone02.wav=separatist goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.followme03.wav=separatist radio followme
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno36.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno01.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno20.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno18.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno47.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno25.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno21.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy11.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno10.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno32.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno19.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno35.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno08.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno04.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno46.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno17.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno28.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno40.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno24.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno38.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno07.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno34.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno03.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno12.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno39.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno27.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno06.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno23.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno37.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno02.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno33.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno15.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno48.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno26.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno11.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno09.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno22.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_de_inferno05.wav=separatist tmap de inferno
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.locknload04.wav=separatist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.locknload10.wav=separatist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.locknload03.wav=separatist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.locknload06.wav=separatist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.locknload07.wav=separatist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.locknload02.wav=separatist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.locknload05.wav=separatist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.locknload01.wav=separatist radio locknload
sound/player/vo/separatist/disagree01.wav=separatist disagree
sound/player/vo/separatist/disagree02.wav=separatist disagree
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.followme02.wav=separatist radio followme
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.followme01.wav=separatist radio followme
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.followme04.wav=separatist radio followme
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotfallback02.wav=separatist radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotfallback05.wav=separatist radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/separatist/inposition02.wav=separatist inposition
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotfallback01.wav=separatist radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/separatist/inposition03.wav=separatist inposition
sound/player/vo/separatist/inposition01.wav=separatist inposition
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotregroup02.wav=separatist radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotregroup01.wav=separatist radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotregroup03.wav=separatist radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.enemyspotted02.wav=separatist radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo01.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo05.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/pinneddown03.wav=separatist pinneddown
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo02.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo10.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo06.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/lostenemy03.wav=separatist lostenemy
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo03.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/lostenemy02.wav=separatist lostenemy
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo11.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo09.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/sniperkilled01.wav=separatist sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/separatist/sniperkilled04.wav=separatist sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/separatist/lastmanstanding02.wav=separatist lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/separatist/sniperkilled03.wav=separatist sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/separatist/sniperkilled02.wav=separatist sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/separatist/thanks01.wav=separatist thanks
sound/player/vo/separatist/negative04.wav=separatist negative
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbombb02.wav=separatist goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/separatist/lastmanstanding06.wav=separatist lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/separatist/guardinghostageescapezone03.wav=separatist guardinghostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/separatist/friendlyfire07.wav=separatist friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.takingfire07.wav=separatist radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo12.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/lastmanstanding04.wav=separatist lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.enemyspotted01.wav=separatist radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.enemyspotted04.wav=separatist radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.enemyspotted05.wav=separatist radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/separatist/pinneddown01.wav=separatist pinneddown
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoguardhostages04.wav=separatist goingtoguardhostages
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.enemyspotted03.wav=separatist radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/separatist/pinneddown02.wav=separatist pinneddown
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoguardhostages02.wav=separatist goingtoguardhostages
sound/player/vo/separatist/lastmanstanding01.wav=separatist lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/separatist/lastmanstanding05.wav=separatist lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo04.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoguardhostages01.wav=separatist goingtoguardhostages
sound/player/vo/separatist/thanks03.wav=separatist thanks
sound/player/vo/separatist/thanks02.wav=separatist thanks
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbomb03.wav=separatist goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbomb01.wav=separatist goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/clear02.wav=separatist clear
sound/player/vo/separatist/negative03.wav=separatist negative
sound/player/vo/separatist/negative02.wav=separatist negative
sound/player/vo/separatist/negative01.wav=separatist negative
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_flashbang02.wav=separatist t flashbang
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_flashbang01.wav=separatist t flashbang
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoguardhostageescapezone03.wav=separatist goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_flashbang03.wav=separatist t flashbang
sound/player/vo/separatist/oneenemyleft03.wav=separatist oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/followingfriend01.wav=separatist followingfriend
sound/player/vo/separatist/followingfriend03.wav=separatist followingfriend
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.letsgo08.wav=separatist radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/separatist/lostenemy01.wav=separatist lostenemy
sound/player/vo/separatist/friendlyfire03.wav=separatist friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/friendlyfire04.wav=separatist friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/friendlyfire08.wav=separatist friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/clear01.wav=separatist clear
sound/player/vo/separatist/friendlyfire01.wav=separatist friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/friendlyfire05.wav=separatist friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/friendlyfire06.wav=separatist friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/friendlyfire02.wav=separatist friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendclean05.wav=separatist radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendclean02.wav=separatist radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendclean06.wav=separatist radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendclean03.wav=separatist radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendclean04.wav=separatist radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotendclean01.wav=separatist radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/separatist/oneenemyleft04.wav=separatist oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/oneenemyleft08.wav=separatist oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/oneenemyleft01.wav=separatist oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/oneenemyleft09.wav=separatist oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/oneenemyleft02.wav=separatist oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/oneenemyleft06.wav=separatist oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoguardhostages03.wav=separatist goingtoguardhostages
sound/player/vo/separatist/affirmative01.wav=separatist affirmative
sound/player/vo/separatist/oneenemyleft05.wav=separatist oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_smoke02.wav=separatist t smoke
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_smoke01.wav=separatist t smoke
sound/player/vo/separatist/agree01.wav=separatist agree
sound/player/vo/separatist/agree04.wav=separatist agree
sound/player/vo/separatist/agree02.wav=separatist agree
sound/player/vo/separatist/agree03.wav=separatist agree
sound/player/vo/separatist/peptalk01.wav=separatist peptalk
sound/player/vo/separatist/peptalk04.wav=separatist peptalk
sound/player/vo/separatist/peptalk03.wav=separatist peptalk
sound/player/vo/separatist/coveringfriend01.wav=separatist coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/separatist/coveringfriend02.wav=separatist coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/separatist/coveringfriend03.wav=separatist coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/separatist/lastmanstanding03.wav=separatist lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/separatist/goingtoplantbombb01.wav=separatist goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobothold01.wav=separatist radiobothold
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobothold03.wav=separatist radiobothold
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobothold02.wav=separatist radiobothold
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_smoke03.wav=separatist t smoke
sound/player/vo/separatist/blinded08.wav=separatist blinded
sound/player/vo/separatist/blinded01.wav=separatist blinded
sound/player/vo/separatist/blinded04.wav=separatist blinded
sound/player/vo/separatist/blinded03.wav=separatist blinded
sound/player/vo/separatist/blinded06.wav=separatist blinded
sound/player/vo/separatist/blinded02.wav=separatist blinded
sound/player/vo/separatist/preventescapebrag01.wav=separatist preventescapebrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/preventescapebrag05.wav=separatist preventescapebrag
sound/player/vo/separatist/plantingbomb02.wav=separatist plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/guardinghostageescapezone02.wav=separatist guardinghostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.takingfire06.wav=separatist radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.takingfire03.wav=separatist radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.takingfire04.wav=separatist radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.takingfire01.wav=separatist radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.takingfire05.wav=separatist radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/radio.takingfire02.wav=separatist radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/separatist/threeenemiesleft05.wav=separatist threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/threeenemiesleft02.wav=separatist threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/threeenemiesleft07.wav=separatist threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/threeenemiesleft03.wav=separatist threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_molotov04.wav=separatist t molotov
sound/player/vo/separatist/threeenemiesleft04.wav=separatist threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/threeenemiesleft01.wav=separatist threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_molotov05.wav=separatist t molotov
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_molotov01.wav=separatist t molotov
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_molotov02.wav=separatist t molotov
sound/player/vo/separatist/twoenemiesleft01.wav=separatist twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/twoenemiesleft06.wav=separatist twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/twoenemiesleft02.wav=separatist twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/twoenemiesleft03.wav=separatist twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/twoenemiesleft04.wav=separatist twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/twoenemiesleft05.wav=separatist twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/separatist/radiobotcompliment01.wav=radiobotcompliment
sound/player/vo/separatist/heardnoise03.wav=separatist heardnoise
sound/player/vo/separatist/heardnoise01.wav=separatist heardnoise
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_death01.wav=separatist t death
sound/player/vo/separatist/heardnoise02.wav=separatist heardnoise
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_death04.wav=separatist t death
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_death03.wav=separatist t death
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_death02.wav=separatist t death
sound/player/vo/separatist/plantingbomb01.wav=separatist plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/plantingbomb05.wav=separatist plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/separatist/hostagestaken01.wav=separatist hostagestaken
sound/player/vo/separatist/hostagestaken03.wav=separatist hostagestaken
sound/player/vo/separatist/hostagestaken02.wav=separatist hostagestaken
sound/player/vo/separatist/reportingin03.wav=separatist reportingin
sound/player/vo/separatist/reportingin02.wav=separatist reportingin
sound/player/vo/separatist/reportingin01.wav=separatist reportingin
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_decoy01.wav=separatist t decoy
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_decoy03.wav=separatist t decoy
sound/player/vo/separatist/t_decoy02.wav=separatist t decoy
sound/player/vo/separatist/coverme01.wav=separatist coverme
sound/player/vo/separatist/coverme02.wav=separatist coverme
sound/player/vo/separatist/hostagesbeingtaken01.wav=separatist hostagesbeingtaken
sound/player/vo/separatist/hostagesbeingtaken02.wav=separatist hostagesbeingtaken
sound/player/vo/separatist/defendingbombsiteb01.wav=separatist defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/separatist/defendingbombsiteb03.wav=separatist defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/separatist/affirmative03.wav=separatist affirmative
sound/player/vo/separatist/affirmative02.wav=separatist affirmative
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy57.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy04.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy53.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy38.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy26.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy17.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy47.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy34.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy13.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy43.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy30.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy29.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy56.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy07.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy25.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy52.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy58.wav=tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy16.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy46.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy37.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy12.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy55.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy42.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy28.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy51.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy06.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy49.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy24.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy15.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy02.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/separatist/tmap_cs_italy45.wav=separatist tmap cs italy
realm=animal
sound/ambient/animal/dog_pant_behind_wall_1.wav=dog pant behind wall
sound/ambient/animal/flies3.wav=flies
sound/ambient/animal/flies1.wav=flies
sound/ambient/animal/flies2.wav=flies
sound/ambient/animal/flies5.wav=flies
sound/ambient/animal/flies4.wav=flies
sound/ambient/animal/cow.wav=cow
sound/ambient/animal/shoots_jungle_bird_05.wav=shoots jungle bird
sound/ambient/animal/hawk_05.wav=hawk
sound/ambient/animal/bird_flapping_2.wav=bird flapping
sound/ambient/animal/bird_flapping_1.wav=bird flapping
sound/ambient/animal/bird_flapping_3.wav=chicken flap wings
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_08.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_01.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_05.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_06.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_04.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_03.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_07.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_10.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_02.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/loon_02.wav=loon
sound/ambient/animal/dog_med_inside_bark_6.wav=dog med inside bark
sound/ambient/animal/dog_med_inside_bark_5.wav=dog med inside bark
sound/ambient/animal/dog_med_inside_bark_2.wav=dog med inside bark
sound/ambient/animal/birds_lp_02.wav=birds lp
sound/ambient/animal/dog_med_inside_bark_1.wav=dog med inside bark
sound/ambient/animal/dog_med_inside_bark_4.wav=dog med inside bark
sound/ambient/animal/dog_med_inside_bark_3.wav=dog med inside bark
sound/ambient/animal/rodent_scratch_short_1.wav=rodent scratch short
sound/ambient/animal/bird19.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/dog_growl_behind_wall_2.wav=dog growl behind wall
sound/ambient/animal/dog_growl_behind_wall_3.wav=dog growl behind wall
sound/ambient/animal/dog_med_inside_growl_3.wav=dog med inside growl
sound/ambient/animal/dog_med_inside_growl_1.wav=dog med inside growl
sound/ambient/animal/dog_med_inside_growl_2.wav=dog med inside growl
sound/ambient/animal/dog_growl_behind_wall_1.wav=dog growl behind wall
sound/ambient/animal/horse_eat_1.wav=horse eat
sound/ambient/animal/horse_eat_2.wav=horse eat
sound/ambient/animal/dog_scratch_behind_wall_1.wav=dog scratch behind wall
sound/ambient/animal/rodent_scratch_short_2.wav=rodent scratch short
sound/ambient/animal/rodent_scratch_short_3.wav=rodent scratch short
sound/ambient/animal/dog_pant_behind_wall_2.wav=dog pant behind wall
sound/ambient/animal/bird7.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird8.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird4.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird6.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird12.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird9.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird13.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird10.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird5.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird3.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird1.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird2.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird14.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird15.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird16.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/hawk_06.wav=hawk
sound/ambient/animal/hawk_01.wav=hawk
sound/ambient/animal/birds_lp_01.wav=birds lp
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_15.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_14.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_03.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_05.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_06.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_10.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/crow.wav=crow
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_07.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_04.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/horse_3.wav=horse
sound/ambient/animal/horse_4.wav=horse
sound/ambient/animal/horse_1.wav=horse
sound/ambient/animal/horse_6.wav=horse
sound/ambient/animal/horse_5.wav=horse
sound/ambient/animal/hawk_02.wav=hawk
sound/ambient/animal/frog_3.wav=frog
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_09.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_02.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/frog_1.wav=frog
sound/ambient/animal/horse_2.wav=horse
sound/ambient/animal/frog_2.wav=frog
sound/ambient/animal/crow_2.wav=crow
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_13.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_12.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/crow_1.wav=crow
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_08.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_01.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/hawk_03.wav=hawk
sound/ambient/animal/cricket_chirp_1.wav=cricket chirp
sound/ambient/animal/hawk_04.wav=hawk
sound/ambient/animal/crickets.wav=crickets
sound/ambient/animal/loon_01.wav=loon
sound/ambient/animal/trop_bird_09.wav=trop bird
sound/ambient/animal/loon_03.wav=loon
sound/ambient/animal/loon_04.wav=loon
sound/ambient/animal/loon_05.wav=loon
sound/ambient/animal/birds_lp_02_lpf.wav=birds lp lpf
sound/ambient/animal/birds_lp_01_lpf.wav=birds lp lpf
sound/ambient/animal/birds_1shot_11.wav=birds shot
sound/ambient/animal/dog2.wav=dog
sound/ambient/animal/dog3.wav=dog
sound/ambient/animal/dog5.wav=dog
sound/ambient/animal/dog7.wav=dog
sound/ambient/animal/shoots_jungle_bird_01.wav=shoots jungle bird
sound/ambient/animal/dog1.wav=dog
sound/ambient/animal/dog4.wav=dog
sound/ambient/animal/dog6.wav=dog
sound/ambient/animal/shoots_jungle_bird_04.wav=shoots jungle bird
sound/ambient/animal/shoots_jungle_bird_02.wav=shoots jungle bird
sound/ambient/animal/shoots_jungle_bird_07.wav=shoots jungle bird
sound/ambient/animal/shoots_jungle_bird_06.wav=shoots jungle bird
sound/ambient/animal/shoots_jungle_bird_03.wav=shoots jungle bird
sound/ambient/animal/rodent_scratch_1.wav=rodent scratch
sound/ambient/animal/bird20.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird18.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird17.wav=bird
sound/ambient/animal/bird11.wav=bird
realm=overhead
sound/ambient/overhead/plane2.wav=plane
sound/ambient/overhead/bank_airplane_03.wav=bank airplane
sound/ambient/overhead/plane1.wav=plane
realm=gign
sound/player/vo/gign/goingtoguardloosebomb02.wav=gign goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy38.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleft03.wav=gign noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/pinneddown03.wav=gign pinneddown
sound/player/vo/gign/onarollbrag05.wav=gign onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.takingfire03.wav=gign radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.takingfire02.wav=gign radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.takingfire06.wav=gign radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.takingfire01.wav=gign radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.takingfire05.wav=gign radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.takingfire04.wav=gign radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/gign/coveringfriend01.wav=gign coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/coveringfriend04.wav=gign coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/coveringfriend02.wav=gign coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/coveringfriend03.wav=gign coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo14.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo04.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo13.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo01.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo05.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo10.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo03.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo17.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo15.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/lostenemy01.wav=gign lostenemy
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo06.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo02.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo11.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo18.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo07.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo12.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo19.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo08.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo09.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.letsgo16.wav=gign radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/gign/blinded01.wav=gign blinded
sound/player/vo/gign/blinded04.wav=gign blinded
sound/player/vo/gign/blinded03.wav=gign blinded
sound/player/vo/gign/blinded02.wav=gign blinded
sound/player/vo/gign/followingfriend04.wav=gign followingfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/followingfriend05.wav=gign followingfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/followingfriend01.wav=gign followingfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/followingfriend02.wav=gign followingfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/followingfriend07.wav=gign followingfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedbomber01.wav=gign spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedbomber03.wav=gign spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedbomber04.wav=gign spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedbomber02.wav=gign spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedbomber05.wav=gign spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_decoy01.wav=gign ct decoy
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_decoy02.wav=gign ct decoy
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_decoy03.wav=gign ct decoy
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendclean01.wav=gign radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendclean02.wav=gign radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendclean03.wav=gign radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/gign/theypickedupthebomb01.wav=gign theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/theypickedupthebomb02.wav=gign theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy22.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleft03.wav=gign oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleft05.wav=gign oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleft02.wav=gign oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleft06.wav=gign oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleft04.wav=gign oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleft01.wav=gign oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleft07.wav=gign oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobottime02.wav=gign radiobottime
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobottime03.wav=gign radiobottime
sound/player/vo/gign/waitingforhumantodefusebomb01.wav=gign waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobottime01.wav=gign radiobottime
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.followme06.wav=gign radio followme
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.followme04.wav=gign radio followme
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.followme01.wav=gign radio followme
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.followme02.wav=gign radio followme
sound/player/vo/gign/lastmanstanding01.wav=gign lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gign/lastmanstanding03.wav=gign lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gign/lastmanstanding08.wav=gign lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gign/lastmanstanding02.wav=gign lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gign/lastmanstanding10.wav=gign lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gign/lastmanstanding05.wav=gign lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gign/lastmanstanding04.wav=gign lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_bombexploding07.wav=gign ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_bombexploding06.wav=gign ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_bombexploding02.wav=gign ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_bombexploding01.wav=gign ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_bombexploding05.wav=gign ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_bombexploding04.wav=gign ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_bombexploding03.wav=gign ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_bombexploding08.wav=gign ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleftbomb03.wav=gign noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleftbomb04.wav=gign noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleftbomb01.wav=gign noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleftbomb02.wav=gign noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/gign/waitinghere03.wav=gign waitinghere
sound/player/vo/gign/waitinghere02.wav=gign waitinghere
sound/player/vo/gign/waitinghere01.wav=gign waitinghere
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotfallback03.wav=gign radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotfallback01.wav=gign radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotfallback07.wav=gign radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotfallback04.wav=gign radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/gign/guardingloosebomb01.wav=gign guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/guardingloosebomb02.wav=gign guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/guardingloosebomb03.wav=gign guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/hostagedown04.wav=gign hostagedown
sound/player/vo/gign/hostagedown01.wav=gign hostagedown
sound/player/vo/gign/hostagedown03.wav=gign hostagedown
sound/player/vo/gign/hostagedown02.wav=gign hostagedown
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_death05.wav=gign ct death
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_death04.wav=gign ct death
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_death01.wav=gign ct death
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_death02.wav=gign ct death
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_death06.wav=gign ct death
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_death07.wav=gign ct death
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_death03.wav=gign ct death
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_death08.wav=gign ct death
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedloosebomb05.wav=spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydown03.wav=gign enemydown
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydown07.wav=gign enemydown
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydown09.wav=gign enemydown
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydown06.wav=gign enemydown
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydown05.wav=gign enemydown
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydown02.wav=gign enemydown
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydown08.wav=gign enemydown
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothostagesescort04.wav=gign radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydown04.wav=gign enemydown
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydown01.wav=gign enemydown
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy34.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/plantedbombplacesafe01.wav=gign plantedbombplacesafe
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy43.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy36.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy32.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy29.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy11.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy30.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy26.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/theypickedupthebomb03.wav=gign theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy25.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy48.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy03.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy27.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy44.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy53.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy46.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy14.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy23.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy09.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy42.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy10.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy37.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy05.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy28.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy07.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy24.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy33.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy52.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy41.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy17.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy08.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/help02.wav=gign help
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy04.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy13.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy06.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy51.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy02.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy21.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy39.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy16.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy40.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy35.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy12.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy31.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy49.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy01.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy50.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy45.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/inposition01.wav=gign inposition
sound/player/vo/gign/inposition04.wav=gign inposition
sound/player/vo/gign/waitingforhumantodefusebomb03.wav=gign waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_molotov03.wav=gign ct molotov
sound/player/vo/gign/clearedarea01.wav=gign clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gign/agree02.wav=gign agree
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendclose05.wav=gign radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/gign/commanderdown01.wav=gign commanderdown
sound/player/vo/gign/commanderdown03.wav=gign commanderdown
sound/player/vo/gign/plantedbombplacesafe03.wav=gign plantedbombplacesafe
sound/player/vo/gign/plantedbombplacesafe02.wav=gign plantedbombplacesafe
sound/player/vo/gign/sniperwarning01.wav=gign sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/gign/reportingin01.wav=gign reportingin
sound/player/vo/gign/reportingin02.wav=gign reportingin
sound/player/vo/gign/onarollbrag08.wav=gign onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.enemyspottedpirates03.wav=gign radio enemyspottedpirates
sound/player/vo/gign/onarollbrag01.wav=gign onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gign/bombtickingdown02.wav=gign bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/gign/agree04.wav=gign agree
sound/player/vo/gign/onarollbrag03.wav=gign onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gign/scaredemote02.wav=gign scaredemote
sound/player/vo/gign/onarollbrag06.wav=gign onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gign/bombtickingdown01.wav=gign bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/gign/onarollbrag09.wav=gign onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gign/onarollbrag02.wav=gign onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gign/onarollbrag04.wav=gign onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gign/negative05.wav=gign negative
sound/player/vo/gign/negative01.wav=gign negative
sound/player/vo/gign/agree01.wav=gign agree
sound/player/vo/gign/negative04.wav=gign negative
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_flashbang02.wav=gign ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/gign/negative03.wav=gign negative
sound/player/vo/gign/metoo01.wav=gign metoo
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendclose04.wav=gign radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/gign/whereisthebomb03.wav=gign whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendclose01.wav=gign radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleftpirate03.wav=gign oneenemyleftpirate
sound/player/vo/gign/onarollbrag07.wav=gign onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/gign/bombtickingdown04.wav=gign bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/gign/scaredemote04.wav=gign scaredemote
sound/player/vo/gign/friendlyfire01.wav=gign friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gign/friendlyfire03.wav=gign friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gign/friendlyfire02.wav=gign friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gign/scaredemote03.wav=gign scaredemote
sound/player/vo/gign/scaredemote01.wav=gign scaredemote
sound/player/vo/gign/sniperwarning02.wav=gign sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/gign/sniperwarning03.wav=gign sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/gign/lostenemy02.wav=gign lostenemy
sound/player/vo/gign/clearedarea02.wav=gign clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gign/clearedarea05.wav=gign clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_molotov01.wav=gign ct molotov
sound/player/vo/gign/clearedarea03.wav=gign clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gign/threeenemiesleft01.wav=gign threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/threeenemiesleft04.wav=gign threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/threeenemiesleft02.wav=gign threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/threeenemiesleft06.wav=gign threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/threeenemiesleft05.wav=gign threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/whereisthebomb02.wav=gign whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/friendlyfire04.wav=gign friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleftpirates03.wav=gign noenemiesleftpirates
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleftpirates02.wav=gign noenemiesleftpirates
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendclose02.wav=gign radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleftpirate01.wav=gign oneenemyleftpirate
sound/player/vo/gign/oneenemyleftpirate02.wav=gign oneenemyleftpirate
sound/player/vo/gign/coverme01.wav=gign coverme
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothostagesthere01.wav=gign radiobothostagesthere
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothostagesthere02.wav=gign radiobothostagesthere
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_smoke02.wav=gign ct smoke
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_smoke03.wav=gign ct smoke
sound/player/vo/gign/clearedarea07.wav=gign clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_smoke01.wav=gign ct smoke
sound/player/vo/gign/goingtoguardloosebomb01.wav=gign goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/goingtoguardloosebomb04.wav=gign goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/incombat01.wav=gign incombat
sound/player/vo/gign/clearedarea04.wav=gign clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gign/goingtoguardloosebomb03.wav=gign goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleftpirates01.wav=gign noenemiesleftpirates
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy15.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/ctmap_cs_italy47.wav=gign ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.needbackup02.wav=gign radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.needbackup03.wav=gign radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/gign/negative02.wav=gign negative
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.needbackup04.wav=gign radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.needbackup05.wav=gign radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.needbackup01.wav=gign radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/gign/killedfriend01.wav=gign killedfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/killedfriend04.wav=gign killedfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/killedfriend03.wav=gign killedfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/killedfriend02.wav=gign killedfriend
sound/player/vo/gign/onmyway03.wav=gign onmyway
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.locknload01.wav=gign radio locknload
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.locknload06.wav=gign radio locknload
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.locknload04.wav=gign radio locknload
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.locknload03.wav=gign radio locknload
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.locknload05.wav=gign radio locknload
sound/player/vo/gign/twoenemiesleft05.wav=gign twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/twoenemiesleft01.wav=gign twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/twoenemiesleft02.wav=gign twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/twoenemiesleft03.wav=gign twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/twoenemiesleft04.wav=gign twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/help01.wav=gign help
sound/player/vo/gign/help03.wav=gign help
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendsolid03.wav=gign radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendsolid02.wav=gign radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotendsolid01.wav=gign radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothostagesthere03.wav=gign radiobothostagesthere
sound/player/vo/gign/coverme03.wav=gign coverme
sound/player/vo/gign/coverme05.wav=gign coverme
sound/player/vo/gign/requestreport03.wav=gign requestreport
sound/player/vo/gign/inposition02.wav=gign inposition
sound/player/vo/gign/requestreport01.wav=gign requestreport
sound/player/vo/gign/requestreport02.wav=gign requestreport
sound/player/vo/gign/peptalk01.wav=gign peptalk
sound/player/vo/gign/commanderdown02.wav=gign commanderdown
sound/player/vo/gign/peptalk03.wav=gign peptalk
sound/player/vo/gign/niceshot02.wav=gign niceshot
sound/player/vo/gign/niceshot04.wav=gign niceshot
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.enemyspotted01.wav=gign radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/gign/niceshot05.wav=gign niceshot
sound/player/vo/gign/niceshot03.wav=gign niceshot
sound/player/vo/gign/niceshot01.wav=gign niceshot
sound/player/vo/gign/onmyway01.wav=gign onmyway
sound/player/vo/gign/onmyway02.wav=gign onmyway
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydownpirate03.wav=gign enemydownpirate
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydownpirate01.wav=gign enemydownpirate
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydownpirate05.wav=gign enemydownpirate
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydownpirate02.wav=gign enemydownpirate
sound/player/vo/gign/enemydownpirate04.wav=gign enemydownpirate
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothold03.wav=gign radiobothold
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotregroup01.wav=gign radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothold02.wav=gign radiobothold
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothold01.wav=gign radiobothold
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.locknload02.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.locknload07.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/gign/sniperkilled03.wav=gign sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/gign/sniperkilled02.wav=gign sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.enemyspottedpirates04.wav=gign radio enemyspottedpirates
sound/player/vo/gign/sniperkilled01.wav=gign sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/gign/defusingbomb02.wav=gign defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/gign/defusingbomb03.wav=gign defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/gign/defusingbomb06.wav=gign defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/gign/defusingbomb01.wav=gign defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/gign/bombsiteclear03.wav=gign bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/gign/bombsiteclear02.wav=gign bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/gign/bombsiteclear01.wav=gign bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedloosebomb02.wav=gign spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/bombsiteclear04.wav=gign bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedloosebomb03.wav=gign spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedloosebomb04.wav=gign spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/spottedloosebomb01.wav=gign spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleft05.wav=gign noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleft02.wav=gign noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleft06.wav=gign noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleft01.wav=gign noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/noenemiesleft04.wav=gign noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotregroup02.wav=gign radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotregroup04.wav=gign radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobotregroup03.wav=gign radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/gign/affirmative06.wav=gign affirmative
sound/player/vo/gign/affirmative02.wav=gign affirmative
sound/player/vo/gign/affirmative03.wav=gign affirmative
sound/player/vo/gign/affirmative01.wav=gign affirmative
sound/player/vo/gign/clearedarea06.wav=gign clearedarea
sound/player/vo/gign/lostenemy04.wav=gign lostenemy
sound/player/vo/gign/disagree10.wav=gign disagree
sound/player/vo/gign/disagree07.wav=gign disagree
sound/player/vo/gign/disagree05.wav=gign disagree
sound/player/vo/gign/disagree06.wav=gign disagree
sound/player/vo/gign/disagree03.wav=gign disagree
sound/player/vo/gign/disagree02.wav=gign disagree
sound/player/vo/gign/disagree01.wav=gign disagree
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_grenade02.wav=gign ct grenade
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_grenade05.wav=gign ct grenade
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_grenade01.wav=gign ct grenade
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_grenade04.wav=gign ct grenade
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.enemyspottedpirates02.wav=gign radio enemyspottedpirates
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.enemyspottedpirates05.wav=gign radio enemyspottedpirates
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.enemyspottedpirates01.wav=gign radio enemyspottedpirates
sound/player/vo/gign/heardnoise02.wav=gign heardnoise
sound/player/vo/gign/heardnoise01.wav=gign heardnoise
sound/player/vo/gign/heardnoise03.wav=gign heardnoise
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_molotov02.wav=gign ct molotov
sound/player/vo/gign/waitingforhumantodefusebomb02.wav=gign waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothostagesescort01.wav=gign radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothostagesescort05.wav=gign radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothostagesescort02.wav=gign radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/gign/radiobothostagesescort03.wav=gign radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/gign/incombat05.wav=gign incombat
sound/player/vo/gign/incombat03.wav=gign incombat
sound/player/vo/gign/incombat06.wav=gign incombat
sound/player/vo/gign/incombat02.wav=gign incombat
sound/player/vo/gign/incombat04.wav=gign incombat
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.enemyspotted03.wav=gign radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.enemyspotted02.wav=gign radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/gign/radio.enemyspotted04.wav=gign radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_flashbang03.wav=gign ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/gign/ct_flashbang01.wav=gign ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/gign/pinneddown01.wav=gign pinneddown
sound/player/vo/gign/pinneddown02.wav=gign pinneddown
realm=materials
sound/ambient/materials/metal_stress3.wav=metal stress
sound/ambient/materials/metal_stress2.wav=metal stress
sound/ambient/materials/metal_stress1.wav=metal stress
sound/ambient/materials/metal_stress5.wav=metal stress
sound/ambient/materials/cartrap_rope1.wav=cartrap rope
sound/ambient/materials/cartrap_rope3.wav=cartrap rope
sound/ambient/materials/cartrap_rope2.wav=cartrap rope
sound/ambient/materials/metal_stress4.wav=metal stress
realm=physics
sound/physics/body/body_medium_strain3.wav=flesh strain
sound/physics/body/body_medium_strain2.wav=flesh strain
sound/physics/body/body_medium_strain1.wav=flesh strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_impact_bullet3.wav=metal box bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_impact_bullet2.wav=metal box bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_impact_bullet1.wav=metal box bullet impact
sound/physics/glass/glass_bottle_impact_hard3.wav=glass bottle scrape rough
sound/physics/glass/glass_bottle_impact_hard2.wav=glass bottle scrape rough
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_break2.wav=cardboard box break
sound/physics/glass/glass_bottle_impact_hard1.wav=glass bottle scrape rough
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_scrape_rough_loop2.wav=metal box scrape rough loop
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=wood solid scrape rough
sound/physics/metal/soda_can_impact_soft3.wav=popcan impact soft
sound/physics/metal/soda_can_impact_soft2.wav=popcan impact soft
sound/physics/metal/soda_can_impact_soft1.wav=popcan impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_soft3.wav=solid metal impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_soft2.wav=solid metal impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_soft1.wav=solid metal impact soft
sound/physics/metal/soda_can_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=weapon scrape rough
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_break2.wav=wood box break
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_soft1.wav=plastic barrel impact soft
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_soft3.wav=concrete impact soft
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_soft2.wav=concrete impact soft
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_soft1.wav=concrete impact soft
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_soft3.wav=t flesh step left
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_hard1.wav=t flesh step left
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=default scrape rough
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=wood solid scrape smooth
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_strain1.wav=cardboard box strain
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_strain2.wav=cardboard box strain
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_strain3.wav=cardboard box strain
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_hard1.wav=body fall
sound/physics/metal/metal_grenade_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=grenade scrape smooth
sound/physics/metal/metal_computer_impact_soft3.wav=computer impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_computer_impact_soft2.wav=computer impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_computer_impact_soft1.wav=computer impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_hard4.wav=plastic barrel impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_hard3.wav=plastic barrel impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_hard2.wav=plastic barrel impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_hard1.wav=plastic barrel impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_bullet3.wav=plastic barrel bullet impact
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_bullet2.wav=plastic barrel bullet impact
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_bullet1.wav=plastic barrel bullet impact
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_hard3.wav=concrete impact hard
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_hard2.wav=concrete impact hard
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_hard1.wav=concrete impact hard
sound/physics/metal/weapon_footstep1.wav=t weapon step left
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_soft4.wav=ct flesh step right
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_hard2.wav=ct flesh step right
sound/physics/metal/playertag_drop_01.wav=dog tags impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_panel_break1.wav=wood panel break
sound/physics/metal/metal_chainlink_impact_hard3.wav=chain link impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_chainlink_impact_hard2.wav=chain link impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_chainlink_impact_hard1.wav=chain link impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_hard3.wav=wood impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_hard2.wav=wood impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_hard1.wav=wood impact hard
sound/physics/body/body_medium_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=flesh scrape rough
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=plastic barrel scrape rough
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_bullet4.wav=glass bullet impact
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_bullet3.wav=glass bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_break2.wav=metal box break
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_bullet2.wav=glass bullet impact
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_bullet1.wav=glass bullet impact
sound/physics/concrete/rock_impact_hard3.wav=boulder impact soft
sound/physics/glass/glass_strain4.wav=glass strain
sound/physics/concrete/rock_impact_hard2.wav=boulder impact soft
sound/physics/concrete/rock_impact_hard1.wav=boulder impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_popcan_impact_hard3.wav=item soda bounce
sound/physics/metal/metal_popcan_impact_hard2.wav=item soda bounce
sound/physics/metal/metal_popcan_impact_hard1.wav=item soda bounce
sound/physics/body/body_medium_break4.wav=flesh break
sound/physics/body/body_medium_break3.wav=flesh break
sound/physics/body/body_medium_break2.wav=flesh break
sound/physics/destruction/smash_rockcollapse1.wav=chicken zombie rez
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_break4.wav=wood plank break
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_break3.wav=wood plank break
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_break2.wav=wood plank break
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_break1.wav=wood plank break
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_impact_soft3.wav=drywall impact soft
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_impact_soft2.wav=drywall impact soft
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_impact_soft1.wav=drywall impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_bullet4.wav=plastic box bullet impact
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_bullet3.wav=plastic box bullet impact
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_bullet2.wav=plastic box bullet impact
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_bullet1.wav=plastic box bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_footstep1.wav=metal box footstep
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_footstep2.wav=metal box footstep
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_footstep3.wav=metal box footstep
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_footstep4.wav=metal box footstep
sound/physics/concrete/boulder_impact_hard3.wav=boulder impact hard
sound/physics/concrete/boulder_impact_hard1.wav=boulder impact hard
sound/physics/concrete/boulder_impact_hard2.wav=boulder impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_sheet_impact_hard2.wav=metal sheet impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_soft6.wav=plastic barrel impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_soft5.wav=plastic barrel impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_soft4.wav=plastic barrel impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_soft3.wav=plastic barrel impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_impact_soft2.wav=plastic barrel impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_break1.wav=wood box break
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_squishy_impact_hard2.wav=base combat character corpse gib
sound/physics/surfaces/sand_impact_bullet4.wav=carpet bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/sand_impact_bullet3.wav=carpet bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/sand_impact_bullet2.wav=carpet bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/sand_impact_bullet1.wav=carpet bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_grenade_impact_soft3.wav=grenade impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_grenade_impact_soft2.wav=grenade impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_grenade_impact_soft1.wav=grenade impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_hard3.wav=wood solid impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_hard2.wav=wood solid impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_hard1.wav=wood solid impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_soft3.wav=wood solid impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_soft1.wav=wood solid impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_hard6.wav=metal barrel impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_hard5.wav=metal barrel impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_hard3.wav=metal barrel impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_hard2.wav=metal barrel impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_hard1.wav=metal barrel impact hard
sound/physics/surfaces/default_impact_bullet4.wav=default bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/default_impact_bullet3.wav=default bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/default_impact_bullet2.wav=default bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/default_impact_bullet1.wav=default bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_grate_impact_hard3.wav=metal grate impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_grate_impact_hard2.wav=metal grate impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_grate_impact_hard1.wav=metal grate impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=plastic barrel scrape smooth
sound/physics/metal/metal_grenade_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=grenade scrape rough
sound/physics/glass/glass_cup_break2.wav=breakable mat glass
sound/physics/glass/glass_cup_break1.wav=breakable mat glass
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_bullet2.wav=metal grate bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_sheet_impact_bullet2.wav=metal grate bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_sheet_impact_bullet1.wav=metal grate bullet impact
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_break3.wav=glass break
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_break2.wav=glass break
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_break1.wav=glass break
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_break3.wav=breakable concrete
sound/physics/glass/pottery_impact_09.wav=pottery impact hard
sound/physics/glass/pottery_impact_08.wav=pottery impact hard
sound/physics/glass/pottery_impact_07.wav=pottery impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_soft4.wav=plastic box impact soft
sound/physics/glass/pottery_impact_06.wav=pottery impact hard
sound/physics/glass/pottery_impact_05.wav=pottery impact hard
sound/physics/glass/pottery_impact_04.wav=pottery impact hard
sound/physics/glass/pottery_impact_03.wav=pottery impact hard
sound/physics/glass/pottery_impact_02.wav=pottery impact hard
sound/physics/glass/pottery_impact_01.wav=pottery impact hard
sound/physics/metal/canister_roll_loop1.wav=canister roll loop
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_block_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=boulder scrape rough
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=concrete scrape smooth
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_soft3.wav=glass bottle impact soft
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_soft2.wav=glass bottle impact soft
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_soft1.wav=glass bottle impact soft
sound/physics/metal/chain_impact_soft1.wav=chain impact soft
sound/physics/metal/chain_impact_soft2.wav=chain impact soft
sound/physics/metal/chain_impact_soft3.wav=chain impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_strain5.wav=metal solid strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_strain1.wav=metal solid strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_canister_impact_soft1.wav=metal canister impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_strain2.wav=metal solid strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_strain4.wav=metal solid strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_strain3.wav=metal solid strain
sound/physics/metal/sawblade_stick3.wav=sawblade stick
sound/physics/metal/playertags_pickup_deny.wav=dog tags pickup deny
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=metal box scrape rough
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_cup_impact_hard3.wav=papercup impact
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_cup_impact_hard2.wav=papercup impact
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_cup_impact_hard1.wav=papercup impact
sound/physics/metal/paintcan_impact_hard3.wav=paintcan impact hard
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_hard7.wav=cardboard impact hard
sound/physics/metal/paintcan_impact_hard2.wav=paintcan impact hard
sound/physics/metal/paintcan_impact_hard1.wav=paintcan impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_chainlink_impact_soft3.wav=chain link impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_chainlink_impact_soft2.wav=chain link impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_chainlink_impact_soft1.wav=chain link impact soft
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_step2.wav=glass sheet step
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_step3.wav=glass sheet step
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_step4.wav=glass sheet step
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_step1.wav=glass sheet step
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_impact_bullet3.wav=rubber tire bullet impact
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_impact_bullet2.wav=rubber tire bullet impact
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_impact_bullet1.wav=rubber tire bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/paintcan_roll_loop1.wav=paintcan roll
sound/physics/surfaces/underwater_impact_bullet3.wav=water bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/underwater_impact_bullet2.wav=water bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/underwater_impact_bullet1.wav=water bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_strain4.wav=metal box strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_strain3.wav=metal box strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_strain2.wav=metal box strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_strain1.wav=metal box strain
sound/physics/surfaces/tile_impact_bullet4.wav=tile bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/tile_impact_bullet3.wav=tile bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/tile_impact_bullet2.wav=tile bullet impact
sound/physics/surfaces/tile_impact_bullet1.wav=tile bullet impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_footstep4.wav=wood box footstep
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_footstep2.wav=wood box footstep
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_footstep3.wav=wood box footstep
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_footstep1.wav=wood box footstep
sound/physics/destruction/smash_cave_woodrockcollapse4.wav=smash cave woodrockcollapse
sound/physics/destruction/smash_cave_woodrockcollapse2.wav=smash cave woodrockcollapse
sound/physics/metal/sawblade_stick1.wav=sawblade stick
sound/physics/metal/sawblade_stick2.wav=sawblade stick
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=cardboard scrape smooth
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_strain1.wav=plastic barrel strain
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_strain2.wav=plastic barrel strain
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_strain3.wav=plastic barrel strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_computer_impact_bullet2.wav=weapon magazine bullet impact
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_hard3.wav=glass impact hard
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_hard2.wav=glass impact hard
sound/physics/glass/glass_impact_hard1.wav=glass impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=solid metal scrape smooth
sound/physics/metal/metal_canister_impact_hard2.wav=metal canister impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_canister_impact_hard3.wav=metal canister impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_canister_impact_hard1.wav=metal canister impact hard
sound/physics/concrete/rock_impact_soft3.wav=rock impact soft
sound/physics/concrete/rock_impact_soft2.wav=rock impact soft
sound/physics/concrete/rock_impact_soft1.wav=rock impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_furniture_break2.wav=wood furniture break
sound/physics/wood/wood_furniture_break1.wav=wood furniture break
sound/physics/metal/paintcan_impact_soft3.wav=paintcan impact soft
sound/physics/metal/paintcan_impact_soft2.wav=paintcan impact soft
sound/physics/metal/paintcan_impact_soft1.wav=paintcan impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_bullet5.wav=wood solid bullet impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_bullet4.wav=wood solid bullet impact
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_impact_soft1.wav=rubber tire impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_bullet3.wav=wood solid bullet impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_bullet2.wav=wood solid bullet impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_bullet1.wav=wood solid bullet impact
sound/physics/concrete/boulder_impact_hard4.wav=atv impact medium
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_impact_soft3.wav=rubber tire impact soft
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_impact_soft2.wav=rubber tire impact soft
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_bullet1.wav=cardboard bullet impact
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_impact_hard2.wav=glass scrape rough
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_impact_hard1.wav=glass scrape rough
sound/physics/plaster/ceilingtile_break1.wav=breakable ceiling
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_soft2.wav=wood box impact soft
sound/physics/destruction/explosivegasleak.wav=explosivegasleak
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_strain3.wav=plastic box strain
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_strain1.wav=plastic box strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_sand_impact_bullet3.wav=sand barrel bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_sand_impact_bullet2.wav=sand barrel bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_sand_impact_bullet1.wav=sand barrel bullet impact
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_bullet5.wav=flesh bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_soft4.wav=metal barrel impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_hard7.wav=metal barrel impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_soft3.wav=metal barrel impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_soft2.wav=metal barrel impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_break1.wav=metal box break
sound/physics/metal/weapon_impact_soft2.wav=weapon magazine impact hard
sound/physics/metal/weapon_impact_soft1.wav=weapon magazine impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_furniture_impact_soft2.wav=wood furniture impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_furniture_impact_soft1.wav=wood furniture impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_hard6.wav=wood box impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_hard5.wav=wood box impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_hard4.wav=wood box impact hard
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_squishy_impact_hard4.wav=watermelon bullet impact
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_squishy_impact_hard3.wav=watermelon bullet impact
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_squishy_impact_hard1.wav=watermelon bullet impact
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_soft5.wav=flesh impact hard
sound/physics/glass/glass_largesheet_break3.wav=breakable glass
sound/physics/glass/glass_largesheet_break2.wav=breakable glass
sound/physics/glass/glass_largesheet_break1.wav=breakable glass
sound/physics/glass/glass_pottery_break4.wav=glass pottery break
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_hard5.wav=solid metal impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_hard4.wav=solid metal impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_hard1.wav=solid metal impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_sheet_impact_hard8.wav=metal vent impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_impact_hard3.wav=wood panel impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_hard4.wav=plastic box impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_impact_hard2.wav=wood panel impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_sheet_impact_hard7.wav=metal vent impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_grenade_roll_loop1.wav=grenade roll
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_break5.wav=wood crate break
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_break4.wav=wood crate break
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_hard2.wav=body medium impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_break2.wav=wood crate break
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_hard6.wav=flesh impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_break1.wav=wood crate break
sound/physics/metal/soda_can_impact_hard3.wav=popcan impact hard
sound/physics/metal/soda_can_impact_hard2.wav=popcan impact hard
sound/physics/metal/soda_can_impact_hard1.wav=popcan impact hard
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_soft5.wav=cardboard impact soft
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_hard3.wav=flesh impact hard
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_hard5.wav=flesh impact hard
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_soft7.wav=flesh impact hard
sound/physics/metal/weapon_impact_soft3.wav=weapon magazine impact hard
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_soft6.wav=flesh impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=plastic box scrape rough
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_soft2.wav=flesh impact hard
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_bullet2.wav=cardboard bullet impact
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_soft1.wav=flesh impact hard
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_hard4.wav=flesh impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_computer_impact_hard1.wav=computer impact hard
sound/physics/metal/weapon_impact_hard3.wav=weapon impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=wood plank scrape rough
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_soft4.wav=cardboard impact soft
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_soft3.wav=cardboard impact soft
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_soft2.wav=cardboard impact soft
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_soft6.wav=cardboard impact soft
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_soft1.wav=cardboard impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_computer_impact_bullet3.wav=weapon bullet impact
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_break2.wav=bounce concrete
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=cardboard scrape rough
sound/physics/metal/metal_computer_impact_hard3.wav=computer impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_computer_impact_hard2.wav=computer impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_impact_soft1.wav=wood impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_deepimpact2.wav=wood deepimpact
sound/physics/glass/glass_bottle_break2.wav=glass bottle break
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_break3.wav=wood crate break
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_strain1.wav=rubber tire strain
sound/physics/wood/wood_solid_impact_soft2.wav=wood impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_furniture_impact_soft3.wav=wood furniture impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_grenade_impact_hard1.wav=grenade impact hard
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=ceiling tile scrape rough
sound/physics/metal/metal_grate_impact_soft1.wav=metal grate impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_sheet_impact_hard6.wav=metal vent impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_impact_hard4.wav=wood crate impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_impact_hard5.wav=wood crate impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_impact_hard1.wav=wood crate impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_soft1.wav=wood impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_grenade_impact_hard2.wav=grenade impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_grenade_impact_hard3.wav=grenade impact hard
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_soft7.wav=cardboard impact soft
sound/physics/metal/weapon_footstep2.wav=ct weapon step right
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_roll_loop1.wav=plastic barrel roll loop
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_impact_soft1.wav=ceiling tile impact soft
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_impact_soft3.wav=ceiling tile impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_hard1.wav=plastic box impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_hard2.wav=plastic box impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_hard3.wav=plastic box impact hard
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_impact_soft2.wav=ceiling tile impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_impact_soft2.wav=wood plank impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_impact_soft3.wav=wood plank impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_bullet5.wav=weapon bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/canister_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=canister scrape smooth loop
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_strain2.wav=rubber tire strain
sound/physics/metal/weapon_impact_hard1.wav=weapon impact hard
sound/physics/metal/weapon_impact_hard2.wav=weapon impact hard
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_step3.wav=ceiling tile step
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_step4.wav=ceiling tile step
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_strain3.wav=rubber tire strain
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_step2.wav=ceiling tile step
sound/physics/plaster/ceilingtile_break2.wav=breakable ceiling
sound/physics/metal/metal_computer_impact_bullet1.wav=weapon bullet impact
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_step1.wav=ceiling tile step
sound/physics/glass/glass_pottery_break1.wav=pottery bullet impact
sound/physics/glass/glass_pottery_break2.wav=pottery bullet impact
sound/physics/glass/glass_pottery_break3.wav=pottery bullet impact
sound/physics/glass/glass_bottle_break1.wav=glass bottle break
sound/physics/wood/wood_strain8.wav=wood strain
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_bullet1.wav=flesh bullet impact
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_bullet2.wav=flesh bullet impact
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_bullet3.wav=flesh bullet impact
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_impact_bullet4.wav=flesh bullet impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=wood crate scrape rough
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_bullet3.wav=cardboard bullet impact
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_bullet4.wav=cardboard bullet impact
sound/physics/metal/playertag_pickup_01.wav=dog tags pickup
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_scrape_rough_loop.wav=carpet scrape
sound/physics/wood/wood_strain4.wav=wood strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_bullet3.wav=roller impact
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_bullet4.wav=roller impact
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_bullet1.wav=concrete bullet impact
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_bullet2.wav=concrete bullet impact
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_impact_bullet3.wav=ceiling tile bullet impact
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_break1.wav=plastic box break
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_bullet3.wav=concrete bullet impact
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_impact_bullet4.wav=concrete bullet impact
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_bloody_break.wav=breakable flesh
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_impact_hard1.wav=sand barrel impact hard
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_impact_hard2.wav=sand barrel impact hard
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_impact_hard3.wav=sand barrel impact hard
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_impact_soft1.wav=glass scrape smooth
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_impact_soft2.wav=glass scrape smooth
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_impact_soft3.wav=glass scrape smooth
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_impact_bullet1.wav=ceiling tile bullet impact
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_impact_bullet2.wav=ceiling tile bullet impact
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_impact_hard1.wav=rubber tire impact hard
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_impact_hard2.wav=rubber tire impact hard
sound/physics/rubber/rubber_tire_impact_hard3.wav=rubber tire impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=wood panel scrape rough
sound/physics/metal/radio_impact_lg_01.wav=radio computer break
sound/physics/metal/radio_impact_lg_02.wav=radio computer break
sound/physics/metal/radio_impact_lg_03.wav=radio computer break
sound/physics/metal/radio_impact_lg_04.wav=radio computer break
sound/physics/metal/radio_impact_lg_05.wav=radio computer break
sound/physics/concrete/rock_impact_hard4.wav=rock impact hard
sound/physics/glass/glass_strain1.wav=glass strain
sound/physics/concrete/rock_impact_hard6.wav=rock impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_bullet1.wav=wood box bullet impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_bullet2.wav=wood box bullet impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_bullet3.wav=wood box bullet impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_bullet4.wav=wood box bullet impact
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_strain2.wav=plastic box strain
sound/physics/metal/metal_chainlink_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=chain link scrape rough
sound/physics/metal/metal_grate_impact_soft2.wav=metal grate impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_grate_impact_soft3.wav=metal grate impact soft
sound/physics/metal/chain_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=chain scrape rough loop
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_impact_hard1.wav=wood plank impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_impact_hard2.wav=wood plank impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_impact_hard3.wav=wood plank impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_impact_hard4.wav=wood plank impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_plank_impact_hard5.wav=wood plank impact hard
sound/physics/concrete/rock_impact_hard5.wav=rock impact hard
sound/physics/glass/glass_strain2.wav=glass strain
sound/physics/metal/chain_impact_hard2.wav=chain impact hard
sound/physics/glass/glass_strain3.wav=glass strain
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_bloody_impact_hard1.wav=flesh bloody impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=wood crate scrape smooth
sound/physics/metal/metal_solid_impact_bullet1.wav=roller impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_strain7.wav=wood strain
sound/physics/wood/wood_strain6.wav=wood strain
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_strider_impact_bullet2.wav=flesh strider impact bullet
sound/physics/wood/wood_strain5.wav=wood strain
sound/physics/wood/wood_strain3.wav=wood strain
sound/physics/wood/wood_strain2.wav=wood strain
sound/physics/wood/wood_strain1.wav=wood strain
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_bullet5.wav=cardboard bullet impact
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_impact_soft2.wav=wood panel impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_box_impact_soft3.wav=wood panel impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_impact_soft1.wav=wood crate impact soft
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_footstep3.wav=drywall footstep
sound/physics/wood/wood_crate_impact_soft3.wav=wood crate impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_impact_hard1.wav=metal box impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_impact_hard2.wav=metal box impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_impact_hard3.wav=metal box impact hard
sound/physics/metal/chain_impact_hard1.wav=chain impact hard
sound/physics/concrete/rock_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=concrete scrape rough
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_hard6.wav=body medium impact hard
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_hard5.wav=body medium impact hard
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_hard4.wav=body medium impact hard
sound/physics/body/body_medium_impact_hard3.wav=body medium impact hard
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_scrape_smooth_loop2.wav=weapon scrape smooth
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_shake3.wav=cardboard box shake
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_shake2.wav=cardboard box shake
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_shake1.wav=cardboard box shake
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_block_impact_hard2.wav=concrete block impact hard
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_block_impact_hard3.wav=concrete block impact hard
sound/physics/concrete/concrete_block_impact_hard1.wav=concrete block impact hard
sound/physics/glass/glass_sheet_impact_hard3.wav=glass scrape rough
sound/physics/metal/canister_scrape_rough_loop1.wav=canister scrape rough loop
sound/physics/metal/metal_large_debris2.wav=metal large debris
sound/physics/metal/metal_large_debris1.wav=metal large debris
sound/physics/metal/metal_sheet_impact_soft2.wav=metal sheet impact soft
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_impact_hard3.wav=ceiling tile impact hard
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_impact_hard2.wav=ceiling tile impact hard
sound/physics/plaster/ceiling_tile_impact_hard1.wav=ceiling tile impact hard
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_footstep2.wav=drywall footstep
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_footstep4.wav=drywall footstep
sound/physics/plaster/drywall_footstep1.wav=drywall footstep
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_break1.wav=plastic barrel break
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_barrel_break2.wav=plastic barrel break
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_strider_impact_bullet1.wav=flesh strider impact bullet
sound/physics/flesh/flesh_strider_impact_bullet3.wav=flesh strider impact bullet
sound/physics/body/body_medium_scrape_smooth_loop1.wav=flesh scrape smooth
sound/physics/metal/metal_canister_impact_soft2.wav=metal canister impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_canister_impact_soft3.wav=metal canister impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_break2.wav=plastic box break
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_impact_soft1.wav=metal box impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_impact_soft2.wav=metal box impact soft
sound/physics/metal/metal_box_impact_soft3.wav=metal box impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_soft1.wav=plastic box impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_soft2.wav=plastic box impact soft
sound/physics/plastic/plastic_box_impact_soft3.wav=plastic box impact soft
sound/physics/wood/wood_panel_impact_hard1.wav=wood panel impact hard
sound/physics/wood/wood_deepimpact1.wav=wood deepimpact
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_break1.wav=cardboard box break
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_break3.wav=cardboard box break
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_hard1.wav=cardboard impact hard
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_hard2.wav=cardboard impact hard
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_hard3.wav=cardboard impact hard
sound/physics/metal/metal_barrel_impact_soft1.wav=metal barrel impact soft
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_hard4.wav=cardboard impact hard
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_hard5.wav=cardboard impact hard
sound/physics/cardboard/cardboard_box_impact_hard6.wav=cardboard impact hard
realm=phoenix
sound/player/vo/phoenix/defendingbombsitea03.wav=phoenix defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_flashbang01.wav=phoenix t flashbang
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoguardhostageescapezone03.wav=phoenix goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/phoenix/heardnoise05.wav=phoenix heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_decoy03.wav=phoenix t decoy
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot02.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_office06.wav=phoenix tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_office05.wav=phoenix tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_office04.wav=phoenix tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_followme01.wav=phoenix radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_followme02.wav=phoenix radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix/thanks02.wav=phoenix thanks
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_followme05.wav=phoenix radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_followme06.wav=phoenix radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_followme04.wav=phoenix radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_followme03.wav=phoenix radio followme
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoplantbomba03.wav=phoenix goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoplantbomba01.wav=phoenix goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoplantbomba02.wav=phoenix goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_smoke01.wav=phoenix t smoke
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_smoke03.wav=phoenix t smoke
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_smoke02.wav=phoenix t smoke
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoplantbombb01.wav=phoenix goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/scaredemote02.wav=phoenix scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix/bombtickingdown04.wav=phoenix bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/bombtickingdown03.wav=phoenix bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/bombtickingdown02.wav=phoenix bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/bombtickingdown01.wav=phoenix bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/bombtickingdown05.wav=phoenix bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/threeenemiesleft01.wav=phoenix threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/threeenemiesleft02.wav=phoenix threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/threeenemiesleft05.wav=phoenix threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/threeenemiesleft04.wav=phoenix threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat10.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat04.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat01.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat07.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat06.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat03.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat09.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat02.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat08.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/incombat05.wav=phoenix incombat
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtodefendbombsite01.wav=phoenix goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix/reportingin03.wav=phoenix reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix/reportingin02.wav=phoenix reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix/reportingin01.wav=phoenix reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix/reportingin04.wav=phoenix reportingin
sound/player/vo/phoenix/twoenemiesleft05.wav=phoenix twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/twoenemiesleft04.wav=phoenix twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/twoenemiesleft01.wav=phoenix twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/twoenemiesleft03.wav=phoenix twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/twoenemiesleft02.wav=phoenix twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtodefendbombsite02.wav=phoenix goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtodefendbombsite03.wav=phoenix goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtodefendbombsite04.wav=phoenix goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/phoenix/affirmative01.wav=phoenix affirmative
sound/player/vo/phoenix/affirmative03.wav=phoenix affirmative
sound/player/vo/phoenix/affirmative02.wav=phoenix affirmative
sound/player/vo/phoenix/clearedarea01.wav=phoenix clearedarea
sound/player/vo/phoenix/clearedarea03.wav=phoenix clearedarea
sound/player/vo/phoenix/clearedarea02.wav=phoenix clearedarea
sound/player/vo/phoenix/inposition03.wav=phoenix inposition
sound/player/vo/phoenix/inposition02.wav=phoenix inposition
sound/player/vo/phoenix/inposition01.wav=phoenix inposition
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_letsgo04.wav=phoenix radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_letsgo06.wav=phoenix radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_letsgo05.wav=phoenix radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_letsgo01.wav=phoenix radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_letsgo07.wav=phoenix radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_letsgo09.wav=phoenix radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_letsgo03.wav=phoenix radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_letsgo08.wav=phoenix radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_letsgo02.wav=phoenix radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoplantbomb01.wav=phoenix goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoplantbomb03.wav=phoenix goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoplantbomb02.wav=phoenix goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/spottedloosebomb03.wav=phoenix spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/spottedloosebomb01.wav=phoenix spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/spottedloosebomb02.wav=phoenix spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/spottedloosebomb05.wav=phoenix spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/spottedloosebomb06.wav=phoenix spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/spottedloosebomb04.wav=phoenix spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/followingfriend05.wav=phoenix followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/followingfriend04.wav=phoenix followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/followingfriend03.wav=phoenix followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/followingfriend02.wav=phoenix followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/followingfriend01.wav=phoenix followingfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/blinded06.wav=phoenix blinded
sound/player/vo/phoenix/blinded05.wav=phoenix blinded
sound/player/vo/phoenix/blinded01.wav=phoenix blinded
sound/player/vo/phoenix/sniperkilled04.wav=phoenix sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix/sniperkilled02.wav=phoenix sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix/sniperkilled01.wav=phoenix sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix/sniperkilled03.wav=phoenix sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/phoenix/peptalk03.wav=phoenix peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix/peptalk02.wav=phoenix peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix/peptalk07.wav=phoenix peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix/peptalk01.wav=phoenix peptalk
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotfallback03.wav=phoenix radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotfallback02.wav=phoenix radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotfallback01.wav=phoenix radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/phoenix/help03.wav=phoenix help
sound/player/vo/phoenix/help01.wav=phoenix help
sound/player/vo/phoenix/help04.wav=phoenix help
sound/player/vo/phoenix/help05.wav=phoenix help
sound/player/vo/phoenix/help02.wav=phoenix help
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_needbackup05.wav=phoenix radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_needbackup01.wav=phoenix radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_needbackup06.wav=phoenix radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_needbackup02.wav=phoenix radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix/scaredemote05.wav=phoenix scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix/scaredemote01.wav=phoenix scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoplantbombb02.wav=phoenix goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/scaredemote06.wav=phoenix scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix/waitinghere01.wav=phoenix waitinghere
sound/player/vo/phoenix/waitinghere02.wav=phoenix waitinghere
sound/player/vo/phoenix/waitinghere03.wav=phoenix waitinghere
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendsolid03.wav=phoenix radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendsolid05.wav=phoenix radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendsolid06.wav=phoenix radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_needbackup03.wav=phoenix radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendsolid01.wav=phoenix radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendsolid04.wav=phoenix radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix/enemydown09.wav=phoenix enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_takingfire06.wav=phoenix radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/enemydown05.wav=phoenix enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/enemydown07.wav=phoenix enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/enemydown03.wav=phoenix enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/enemydown06.wav=phoenix enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/enemydown02.wav=phoenix enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/enemydown01.wav=phoenix enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/enemydown08.wav=phoenix enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/enemydown04.wav=phoenix enemydown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lostenemy01.wav=phoenix lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lostenemy02.wav=phoenix lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lostenemy04.wav=phoenix lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lostenemy03.wav=phoenix lostenemy
sound/player/vo/phoenix/pinneddown03.wav=phoenix pinneddown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/killedfriend03.wav=phoenix killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/killedfriend04.wav=phoenix killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/killedfriend02.wav=phoenix killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/killedfriend05.wav=phoenix killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source15.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source39.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source41.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source84.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source10.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source40.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source52.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source42.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source04.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source16.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source17.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source34.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source03.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source01.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source06.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source18.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source53.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source07.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/oneenemyleft08.wav=phoenix oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source09.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source44.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source103.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/requestreport02.wav=phoenix requestreport
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source105.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source57.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source11.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source82.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source63.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source38.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source19.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source55.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/oneenemyleft10.wav=phoenix oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/oneenemyleft04.wav=phoenix oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/oneenemyleft06.wav=phoenix oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/oneenemyleft11.wav=phoenix oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/requestreport01.wav=phoenix requestreport
sound/player/vo/phoenix/oneenemyleft12.wav=phoenix oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/oneenemyleft05.wav=phoenix oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/phoenix/killedfriend01.wav=phoenix killedfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/sniperwarning03.wav=phoenix sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/phoenix/agree07.wav=phoenix agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_takingfire01.wav=phoenix radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_takingfire04.wav=phoenix radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_takingfire03.wav=phoenix radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_takingfire05.wav=phoenix radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_takingfire02.wav=phoenix radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/negative04.wav=phoenix negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix/negative03.wav=phoenix negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_molotov04.wav=phoenix t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag03.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_death02.wav=phoenix t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source104.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/sniperwarning01.wav=phoenix sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/phoenix/sniperwarning02.wav=phoenix sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/phoenix/negative01.wav=phoenix negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_death03.wav=phoenix t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix/agree01.wav=phoenix agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_death04.wav=phoenix t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix/agree06.wav=phoenix agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/agree04.wav=phoenix agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/agree02.wav=phoenix agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/coverme03.wav=phoenix coverme
sound/player/vo/phoenix/thanks04.wav=phoenix thanks
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag15.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag12.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag05.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_death05.wav=phoenix t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag09.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag01.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag14.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag04.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag08.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag07.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag11.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag06.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag02.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag10.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onarollbrag13.wav=phoenix onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source83.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source56.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source45.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source64.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source36.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source35.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source54.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source20.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source43.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source08.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/negative02.wav=phoenix negative
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source62.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source37.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/clear01.wav=phoenix clear
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source02.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source05.wav=phoenix tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/scaredemote04.wav=phoenix scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix/scaredemote07.wav=phoenix scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix/agree03.wav=phoenix agree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/scaredemote03.wav=phoenix scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotregroup01.wav=phoenix radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotregroup03.wav=phoenix radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotregroup02.wav=phoenix radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoguardhostageescapezone01.wav=phoenix goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/phoenix/goingtoguardhostageescapezone02.wav=phoenix goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_de_dust17.wav=phoenix tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_de_dust15.wav=phoenix tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_de_dust18.wav=phoenix tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_de_dust16.wav=phoenix tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/phoenix/coveringfriend02.wav=phoenix coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_de_dust22.wav=phoenix tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_de_dust23.wav=phoenix tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_de_dust24.wav=phoenix tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_de_dust14.wav=phoenix tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_de_dust13.wav=phoenix tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/phoenix/clear02.wav=phoenix clear
sound/player/vo/phoenix/clear03.wav=phoenix clear
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_grenade05.wav=phoenix t grenade
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_grenade02.wav=phoenix t grenade
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_grenade04.wav=phoenix t grenade
sound/player/vo/phoenix/disagree01.wav=phoenix disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/disagree05.wav=phoenix disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/disagree06.wav=phoenix disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/disagree03.wav=phoenix disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/disagree02.wav=phoenix disagree
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_death01.wav=phoenix t death
sound/player/vo/phoenix/defendingbombsitea01.wav=phoenix defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix/defendingbombsitea04.wav=phoenix defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix/defendingbombsitea02.wav=phoenix defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/phoenix/pinneddown01.wav=phoenix pinneddown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/negativeno05.wav=phoenix negativeno
sound/player/vo/phoenix/tmap_cs_source95.wav=tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lastmanstanding04.wav=phoenix lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lastmanstanding03.wav=phoenix lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lastmanstanding05.wav=phoenix lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lastmanstanding01.wav=phoenix lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lastmanstanding02.wav=phoenix lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload08.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lastmanstanding07.wav=phoenix lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix/lastmanstanding06.wav=phoenix lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_molotov01.wav=phoenix t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix/scaredemote08.wav=phoenix scaredemote
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_molotov02.wav=phoenix t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_molotov03.wav=phoenix t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_molotov07.wav=phoenix t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_molotov05.wav=phoenix t molotov
sound/player/vo/phoenix/coveringfriend01.wav=phoenix coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/coveringfriend03.wav=phoenix coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot01.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/plantingbomb01.wav=phoenix plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot11.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot09.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot12.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot05.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot03.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot06.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot13.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot08.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot10.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot04.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/niceshot07.wav=phoenix niceshot
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=phoenix radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_enemyspotted01.wav=phoenix radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_enemyspotted04.wav=phoenix radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=phoenix radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/phoenix/requestreport03.wav=phoenix requestreport
sound/player/vo/phoenix/coverme01.wav=phoenix coverme
sound/player/vo/phoenix/coverme02.wav=phoenix coverme
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onmyway02.wav=phoenix onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onmyway01.wav=phoenix onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onmyway03.wav=phoenix onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix/onmyway04.wav=phoenix onmyway
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_decoy01.wav=phoenix t decoy
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_decoy02.wav=phoenix t decoy
sound/player/vo/phoenix/defendingbombsiteb04.wav=phoenix defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/defendingbombsiteb03.wav=phoenix defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/defendingbombsiteb05.wav=phoenix defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/defendingbombsiteb01.wav=phoenix defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/defendingbombsiteb02.wav=phoenix defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobothold01.wav=phoenix radiobothold
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobothold02.wav=phoenix radiobothold
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobothold03.wav=phoenix radiobothold
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_flashbang03.wav=phoenix t flashbang
sound/player/vo/phoenix/t_flashbang02.wav=phoenix t flashbang
sound/player/vo/phoenix/pinneddown02.wav=phoenix pinneddown
sound/player/vo/phoenix/thanks01.wav=phoenix thanks
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendclean06.wav=phoenix radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendclean03.wav=phoenix radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendclean07.wav=phoenix radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendclean08.wav=phoenix radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendclean04.wav=phoenix radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendclean02.wav=phoenix radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendclean01.wav=phoenix radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendclean05.wav=phoenix radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/phoenix/friendlyfire07.wav=phoenix friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/friendlyfire06.wav=phoenix friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/friendlyfire03.wav=phoenix friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/friendlyfire05.wav=phoenix friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/friendlyfire02.wav=phoenix friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/friendlyfire01.wav=phoenix friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/friendlyfire04.wav=phoenix friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload04.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload06.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload05.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload09.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radiobotendsolid02.wav=phoenix radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload01.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload02.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload12.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload03.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload07.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload11.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/radio_locknload10.wav=phoenix radio locknload
sound/player/vo/phoenix/plantingbomb04.wav=phoenix plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/plantingbomb03.wav=phoenix plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/plantingbomb02.wav=phoenix plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/phoenix/heardnoise03.wav=phoenix heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix/heardnoise02.wav=phoenix heardnoise
sound/player/vo/phoenix/heardnoise01.wav=phoenix heardnoise
realm=footsteps
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_11.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/new/rubber_06.wav=t rubber step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/mud_08.wav=t mud step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_11.wav=ct sand step left
sound/player/footsteps/concrete3.wav=concrete
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_10.wav=ct gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_08.wav=ct gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_06.wav=ct gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_04.wav=ct gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_02.wav=ct gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_08.wav=heavy step
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_06.wav=heavy step
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_05.wav=heavy step
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_03.wav=heavy step
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_02.wav=heavy step
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_01.wav=heavy step
sound/player/footsteps/concrete1_test.wav=test footstep
sound/player/footsteps/mud6.wav=ct slippery slime step right
sound/player/footsteps/mud4.wav=ct slippery slime step right
sound/player/footsteps/mud2.wav=ct slippery slime step right
sound/player/footsteps/wood5.wav=wood step left
sound/player/footsteps/wood3.wav=wood step left
sound/player/footsteps/wood1.wav=wood step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_12.wav=t sand step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_10.wav=t sand step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_08.wav=t sand step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_06.wav=t sand step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_04.wav=t sand step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_02.wav=t sand step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_13.wav=ct dirt step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_11.wav=ct dirt step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_09.wav=ct dirt step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_07.wav=ct dirt step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_05.wav=ct dirt step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_03.wav=ct dirt step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_01.wav=ct dirt step left
sound/player/footsteps/sand5.wav=default walk jump
sound/player/footsteps/sand2.wav=default walk jump
sound/player/footsteps/sand1.wav=default walk jump
sound/player/footsteps/ladder6.wav=ladder
sound/player/footsteps/ladder1.wav=ladder
sound/player/footsteps/ladder2.wav=ladder
sound/player/footsteps/ladder3.wav=ladder
sound/player/footsteps/ladder4.wav=ladder
sound/player/footsteps/ladder5.wav=ladder
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_14.wav=t metal grate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_12.wav=t metal grate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_10.wav=t metal grate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_08.wav=t metal grate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_06.wav=t metal grate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_04.wav=t metal grate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_02.wav=t metal grate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_17.wav=t default step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_15.wav=t default step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_13.wav=t default step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_11.wav=t default step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_09.wav=t default step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_07.wav=t default step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_05.wav=t default step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_03.wav=t default step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_01.wav=t default step left
sound/player/footsteps/slosh4.wav=player swim
sound/player/footsteps/slosh3.wav=player swim
sound/player/footsteps/slosh2.wav=player swim
sound/player/footsteps/slosh1.wav=player swim
sound/player/footsteps/sand4.wav=carpet impact
sound/player/footsteps/sand3.wav=carpet impact
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_19.wav=ct carpet step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_20.wav=ct carpet step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_18.wav=ct carpet step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_16.wav=ct carpet step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_14.wav=ct carpet step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_08.wav=ct carpet step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_04.wav=ct carpet step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_49.wav=t solid metal step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_47.wav=t solid metal step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_45.wav=t solid metal step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_43.wav=t solid metal step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_41.wav=t solid metal step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_39.wav=t solid metal step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_37.wav=t solid metal step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_35.wav=t solid metal step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_48.wav=ct solid metal step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_46.wav=ct solid metal step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_44.wav=ct solid metal step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_42.wav=ct solid metal step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_40.wav=ct solid metal step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_38.wav=ct solid metal step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_36.wav=ct solid metal step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_chainlink_01.wav=t chain link step left
sound/player/footsteps/chainlink1.wav=chain link bullet impact
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_10.wav=ct dirt step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_08.wav=ct dirt step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_06.wav=ct dirt step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_13.wav=ct ceiling tile step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_04.wav=ct dirt step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_02.wav=ct dirt step right
sound/player/footsteps/wade5.wav=ct wade step left
sound/player/footsteps/duct6.wav=t metal vent step right
sound/player/footsteps/duct4.wav=t metal vent step right
sound/player/footsteps/duct2.wav=t metal vent step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_12.wav=ct snow step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_10.wav=ct snow step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_08.wav=ct snow step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_06.wav=ct snow step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_04.wav=ct snow step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_02.wav=ct snow step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_14.wav=t wood crate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_12.wav=t wood crate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_10.wav=t wood crate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_08.wav=t wood crate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_06.wav=t wood crate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_04.wav=t wood crate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_02.wav=t wood crate step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_12.wav=ct ladder step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_10.wav=ct ladder step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_08.wav=ct ladder step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_06.wav=ct ladder step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_04.wav=ct ladder step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_02.wav=ct ladder step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_14.wav=ct ceiling tile step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_12.wav=ct ceiling tile step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_10.wav=ct ceiling tile step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_08.wav=ct ceiling tile step right
sound/player/footsteps/mud5.wav=ct slippery slime step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_06.wav=ct ceiling tile step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_04.wav=ct ceiling tile step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_02.wav=ct ceiling tile step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/rubber_12.wav=ct rubber step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/rubber_11.wav=ct rubber step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/rubber_08.wav=ct rubber step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/rubber_07.wav=ct rubber step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_16.wav=t default step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_14.wav=t default step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_12.wav=t default step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_10.wav=t default step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_08.wav=t default step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_06.wav=t default step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_04.wav=t default step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/concrete_ct_02.wav=t default step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_15.wav=ct wood ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_13.wav=ct wood ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_11.wav=ct wood ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_09.wav=ct wood ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_07.wav=ct wood ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_05.wav=ct wood ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_03.wav=ct wood ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/wood_01.wav=ct wood ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_11.wav=t ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_09.wav=t ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_07.wav=t ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_05.wav=t ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/foliage2.wav=ct foliage step right
sound/player/footsteps/wade8.wav=wade
sound/player/footsteps/chainlink4.wav=chainlink
sound/player/footsteps/chainlink5.wav=chainlink
sound/player/footsteps/chainlink6.wav=chainlink
sound/player/footsteps/metalgrate1.wav=metalgrate
sound/player/footsteps/metalgrate3.wav=metalgrate
sound/player/footsteps/metalgrate4.wav=metalgrate
sound/player/footsteps/metalgrate5.wav=metalgrate
sound/player/footsteps/metalgrate6.wav=metalgrate
sound/player/footsteps/metalgrate2.wav=metalgrate
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_15.wav=ct metal grate step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_13.wav=ct metal grate step left
sound/player/footsteps/dirt2.wav=dirt
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_01.wav=ct metal grate step left
sound/player/footsteps/dirt1.wav=dirt
sound/player/footsteps/dirt4.wav=dirt
sound/player/footsteps/wood6.wav=wood step right
sound/player/footsteps/snow5.wav=snow
sound/player/footsteps/new/glass_13.wav=ct glass step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_11.wav=ct metal grate step left
sound/player/footsteps/dirt6.wav=dirt
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_09.wav=ct metal grate step left
sound/player/footsteps/mud3.wav=ct slippery slime step left
sound/player/footsteps/mud1.wav=ct slippery slime step left
sound/player/footsteps/dirt3.wav=dirt
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_15.wav=t carpet step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_03.wav=ct metal grate step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_05.wav=ct metal grate step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_grate_07.wav=ct metal grate step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_01.wav=t carpet step left
sound/player/footsteps/foliage6.wav=ct foliage step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_03.wav=t carpet step left
sound/player/footsteps/metal6.wav=metal
sound/player/footsteps/concrete6.wav=concrete
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_05.wav=t carpet step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_11.wav=t carpet step left
sound/player/footsteps/chainlink2.wav=chainlink
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_17.wav=t carpet step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_01.wav=ct snow step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_03.wav=ct snow step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_05.wav=ct snow step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_07.wav=ct snow step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_09.wav=ct snow step left
sound/player/footsteps/wade7.wav=wade
sound/player/footsteps/new/snow_11.wav=ct snow step left
sound/player/footsteps/duct1.wav=t metal vent step left
sound/player/footsteps/duct3.wav=t metal vent step left
sound/player/footsteps/duct5.wav=t metal vent step left
sound/player/footsteps/snow6.wav=snow
sound/player/footsteps/snow3.wav=snow
sound/player/footsteps/gravel6.wav=gravel
sound/player/footsteps/snow1.wav=snow
sound/player/footsteps/snow4.wav=snow
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_01.wav=ct ceiling tile step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_14.wav=dirt
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_03.wav=ct ceiling tile step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_05.wav=ct ceiling tile step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_07.wav=ct ceiling tile step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_09.wav=ct ceiling tile step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/dirt_12.wav=ct dirt step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/tile_11.wav=ct ceiling tile step left
sound/player/footsteps/foliage5.wav=ct foliage step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_01.wav=t ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_04.wav=t grass step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_06.wav=t grass step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_08.wav=t grass step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_10.wav=t grass step right
sound/player/footsteps/foliage4.wav=ct foliage step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_12.wav=t grass step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_chainlink_03.wav=t chain link step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_chainlink_05.wav=t chain link step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_chainlink_07.wav=t chain link step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_13.wav=grass
sound/player/footsteps/grass6.wav=grass
sound/player/footsteps/grass5.wav=grass
sound/player/footsteps/grass4.wav=grass
sound/player/footsteps/grass3.wav=grass
sound/player/footsteps/gravel1.wav=gravel
sound/player/footsteps/grass2.wav=grass
sound/player/footsteps/grass1.wav=grass
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_01.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_02.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_03.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_04.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_05.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_06.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_07.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_08.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_09.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_10.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_11.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_t_12.wav=player weapon selection close t
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_09.wav=bass
sound/player/footsteps/woodpanel2.wav=ct wood panel step right
sound/player/footsteps/woodpanel4.wav=ct wood panel step right
sound/player/footsteps/chainlink3.wav=chain link bullet impact
sound/player/footsteps/woodpanel6.wav=ct wood panel step right
sound/player/footsteps/slosh6.wav=t water step left
sound/player/footsteps/snow2.wav=snow
sound/player/footsteps/new/carpet_09.wav=t carpet step left
sound/player/footsteps/gravel5.wav=gravel
sound/player/footsteps/gravel4.wav=gravel
sound/player/footsteps/gravel3.wav=gravel
sound/player/footsteps/gravel2.wav=gravel
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_10.wav=bass
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_solid_50.wav=metal solid
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_04.wav=bass
sound/player/footsteps/new/bass_07.wav=bass
sound/player/footsteps/new/mud_09.wav=mud
sound/player/footsteps/sand6.wav=sand
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_02.wav=t grass step right
sound/player/footsteps/tile5.wav=tile
sound/player/footsteps/dirt5.wav=dirt
sound/player/footsteps/tile3.wav=tile
sound/player/footsteps/tile2.wav=tile
sound/player/footsteps/tile1.wav=tile
sound/player/footsteps/tile4.wav=tile
sound/player/footsteps/tile6.wav=tile
sound/player/footsteps/new/ladder_03.wav=t ladder step left
sound/player/footsteps/concrete5.wav=concrete
sound/player/footsteps/concrete2.wav=concrete
sound/player/footsteps/concrete4.wav=concrete
sound/player/footsteps/concrete1.wav=concrete
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_01.wav=ct grass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_03.wav=ct grass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_05.wav=ct grass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_07.wav=ct grass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_09.wav=ct grass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/grass_11.wav=ct grass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/glass_01.wav=t glass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/glass_07.wav=t glass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/glass_09.wav=t glass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/glass_11.wav=t glass step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_01.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_02.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_03.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_04.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_05.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_06.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_07.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_08.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/new/suit_ct_09.wav=player weapon selection move slot
sound/player/footsteps/slosh5.wav=ct water step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_01.wav=ct sand step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_03.wav=ct sand step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_05.wav=ct sand step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_07.wav=ct sand step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/sand_09.wav=ct sand step left
sound/player/footsteps/woodpanel1.wav=t wood panel step left
sound/player/footsteps/woodpanel3.wav=t wood panel step left
sound/player/footsteps/woodpanel5.wav=t wood panel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/glass_08.wav=ct glass step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/glass_10.wav=ct glass step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/glass_12.wav=ct glass step right
sound/player/footsteps/wade6.wav=t wade step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_01.wav=t gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_03.wav=t gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_05.wav=t gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_07.wav=t gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/gravel_09.wav=t gravel step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/rubber_03.wav=t rubber step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/rubber_04.wav=t rubber step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/rubber_05.wav=t rubber step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_chainlink_02.wav=ct chain link step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_chainlink_04.wav=ct chain link step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_chainlink_06.wav=ct chain link step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/metal_chainlink_09.wav=ct chain link step right
sound/player/footsteps/metal5.wav=metal
sound/player/footsteps/metal4.wav=metal
sound/player/footsteps/metal2.wav=metal
sound/player/footsteps/metal1.wav=metal
sound/player/footsteps/metal3.wav=metal
sound/player/footsteps/wade1.wav=player wade
sound/player/footsteps/wade2.wav=player wade
sound/player/footsteps/wade3.wav=player wade
sound/player/footsteps/wade4.wav=player wade
sound/player/footsteps/new/mud_01.wav=t mud step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/mud_03.wav=t mud step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/mud_05.wav=t mud step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/mud_07.wav=t mud step left
sound/player/footsteps/foliage1.wav=ct foliage step left
sound/player/footsteps/foliage3.wav=ct foliage step left
sound/player/footsteps/new/mud_02.wav=t mud step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/mud_04.wav=t mud step right
sound/player/footsteps/new/mud_06.wav=t mud step right
sound/player/footsteps/wood2.wav=wood step right
sound/player/footsteps/wood4.wav=wood step right
realm=atmosphere
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb06.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/plaza_amb.wav=plaza amb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/light_waves_lp_01.wav=light waves lp
sound/ambient/atmosphere/shacks_bg_lp_01.wav=shacks bg lp
sound/ambient/atmosphere/tunnel1.wav=tunnel
sound/ambient/atmosphere/shacks_bg_int_lp_01.wav=shacks bg int lp
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_08_light_wind_gusts.wav=desert lp light wind gusts
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_10_med_wind.wav=desert lp med wind
sound/ambient/atmosphere/balloon_pop_05.wav=balloon pop
sound/ambient/atmosphere/balloon_pop_06.wav=balloon pop
sound/ambient/atmosphere/balloon_pop_01.wav=balloon pop
sound/ambient/atmosphere/ambience_base.wav=ambience base
sound/ambient/atmosphere/amb_bank_02.wav=amb bank
sound/ambient/atmosphere/amb_bank_01.wav=amb bank
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb08.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/indoor2.wav=substation generators
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb04.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb01.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_storefront_03.wav=csgo dust storefront
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb10.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/boathouse_boat_int_amb.wav=boathouse boat int amb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb03.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb09.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/css15_amb_baggage_escalator.wav=css amb baggage escalator
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb05.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb02.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_metalscrapeverb07.wav=cs metalscrapeverb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/factory_loop_1.wav=factory loop
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_07_light_wind.wav=desert lp light wind
sound/ambient/atmosphere/indoor1.wav=indoor
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cargo_hold2.wav=cargo hold
sound/ambient/atmosphere/mill_bigwarehouseamb_loop.wav=mill bigwarehouseamb loop
sound/ambient/atmosphere/engine_room.wav=engine room
sound/ambient/atmosphere/office_outside_driveby_02.wav=office outside driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/office_outside_driveby_01.wav=office outside driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_01_light_wind.wav=desert lp light wind
sound/ambient/atmosphere/amb_light_waterlap_lp_01.wav=amb light waterlap lp
sound/ambient/atmosphere/amb_industrial_02.wav=amb industrial
sound/ambient/atmosphere/office_outside_traffic_lp_02.wav=office outside traffic lp
sound/ambient/atmosphere/firewerks_burst_02.wav=firewerks burst
sound/ambient/atmosphere/dock_lp_01.wav=dock lp
sound/ambient/atmosphere/underground_hall_loop1.wav=underground hall loop
sound/ambient/atmosphere/laundry_amb.wav=laundry amb
sound/ambient/atmosphere/corridor_room_tone_01.wav=corridor room tone
sound/ambient/atmosphere/amb_water_drip_01.wav=gg baggage steam drip
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_05_light_wind_gusts.wav=desert lp light wind gusts
sound/ambient/atmosphere/mountain_wind_lp_01.wav=mountain wind lp
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_04_light_wind.wav=desert lp light wind
sound/ambient/atmosphere/underground.wav=underground
sound/ambient/atmosphere/shack_belize_birds_lp_01.wav=shack belize birds lp
sound/ambient/atmosphere/amb_industrial_03.wav=amb industrial
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_03_light_wind.wav=desert lp light wind
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cargo_hold1.wav=cargo hold
sound/ambient/atmosphere/css15_amb_baggage_spooky.wav=css amb baggage spooky
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_car_driveby_05.wav=csgo dust car driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/amb_steam_01.wav=gg baggage steam
sound/ambient/atmosphere/outdoor2.wav=outdoor
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_car_driveby_01.wav=csgo dust car driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_car_driveby_06.wav=csgo dust car driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_car_driveby_07.wav=csgo dust car driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_car_driveby_04.wav=csgo dust car driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_car_driveby_03.wav=csgo dust car driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_car_driveby_02.wav=csgo dust car driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/amb_industrial_01.wav=amb industrial
sound/ambient/atmosphere/corridor_room_tone_02.wav=corridor room tone
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_09_med_wind.wav=desert lp med wind
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_12_med_wind.wav=desert lp med wind
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_11_med_wind.wav=desert lp med wind
sound/ambient/atmosphere/office_outside_driveby_03.wav=office outside driveby
sound/ambient/atmosphere/desert_lp_06_light_wind_gusts.wav=desert lp light wind gusts
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_cable_rattle04.wav=cs cable rattle
sound/ambient/atmosphere/css15_amb_baggage_hangar.wav=css amb baggage hangar
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_cable_rattle02.wav=cs cable rattle
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_cable_rattle01.wav=cs cable rattle
sound/ambient/atmosphere/office_outside_flag_lp_02.wav=office outside flag lp
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_cable_rattle03.wav=cs cable rattle
sound/ambient/atmosphere/cs_cable_rattle05.wav=cs cable rattle
sound/ambient/atmosphere/office_outside_tone_01.wav=office outside tone
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_storefront_02.wav=csgo dust storefront
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_storefront_01.wav=csgo dust storefront
sound/ambient/atmosphere/csgo_dust_indoors_lp_01.wav=csgo dust indoors lp
realm=balkan
sound/player/vo/balkan/friendlyfire05.wav=balkan friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/affirmative03.wav=balkan affirmative
sound/player/vo/balkan/niceshot09.wav=balkan niceshot
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobothold02.wav=balkan radiobothold
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobothold01.wav=balkan radiobothold
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobothold03.wav=balkan radiobothold
sound/player/vo/balkan/clearedarea04.wav=balkan clearedarea
sound/player/vo/balkan/clearedarea03.wav=balkan clearedarea
sound/player/vo/balkan/clearedarea01.wav=balkan clearedarea
sound/player/vo/balkan/clearedarea02.wav=balkan clearedarea
sound/player/vo/balkan/followingfriend06.wav=balkan followingfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/followingfriend07.wav=balkan followingfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/followingfriend03.wav=balkan followingfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_molotov01.wav=balkan t molotov
sound/player/vo/balkan/followingfriend05.wav=balkan followingfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/followingfriend02.wav=balkan followingfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/followingfriend04.wav=balkan followingfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/followingfriend01.wav=balkan followingfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/incombat04.wav=balkan incombat
sound/player/vo/balkan/incombat03.wav=balkan incombat
sound/player/vo/balkan/incombat02.wav=balkan incombat
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagedown02.wav=balkan hostagedown
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagedown05.wav=balkan hostagedown
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagedown01.wav=balkan hostagedown
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagedown04.wav=balkan hostagedown
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagedown03.wav=balkan hostagedown
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagestaken03.wav=balkan hostagestaken
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagestaken01.wav=balkan hostagestaken
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagestaken02.wav=balkan hostagestaken
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagestaken04.wav=balkan hostagestaken
sound/player/vo/balkan/clear01.wav=balkan clear
sound/player/vo/balkan/clear02.wav=balkan clear
sound/player/vo/balkan/clear03.wav=balkan clear
sound/player/vo/balkan/help02.wav=balkan help
sound/player/vo/balkan/help01.wav=balkan help
sound/player/vo/balkan/help03.wav=balkan help
sound/player/vo/balkan/reportingin01.wav=balkan reportingin
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotfallback01.wav=balkan radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotfallback04.wav=balkan radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/balkan/onmyway02.wav=balkan onmyway
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotfallback02.wav=balkan radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/balkan/affirmative01.wav=balkan blank
sound/player/vo/balkan/coveringfriend03.wav=balkan coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/coveringfriend02.wav=balkan coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/coveringfriend01.wav=balkan coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/coveringfriend04.wav=balkan coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_smoke03.wav=balkan t smoke
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_smoke01.wav=balkan t smoke
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_smoke02.wav=balkan t smoke
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendsolid04.wav=balkan radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendsolid03.wav=balkan radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendsolid02.wav=balkan radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendsolid01.wav=balkan radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtodefendbombsite01.wav=balkan goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendsolid05.wav=balkan radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/balkan/disagree03.wav=balkan disagree
sound/player/vo/balkan/disagree02.wav=balkan disagree
sound/player/vo/balkan/disagree06.wav=balkan disagree
sound/player/vo/balkan/disagree01.wav=balkan disagree
sound/player/vo/balkan/disagree05.wav=balkan disagree
sound/player/vo/balkan/disagree04.wav=balkan disagree
sound/player/vo/balkan/spottedloosebomb04.wav=balkan spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/spottedloosebomb05.wav=balkan spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/spottedloosebomb01.wav=balkan spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/spottedloosebomb02.wav=balkan spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/spottedloosebomb06.wav=balkan spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo09.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo02.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo07.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo01.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo06.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo11.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo05.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo10.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo04.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo08.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_letsgo03.wav=balkan radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoguardhostages03.wav=balkan goingtoguardhostages
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoguardhostages02.wav=balkan goingtoguardhostages
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoguardhostages01.wav=balkan goingtoguardhostages
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source149.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/requestreport01.wav=balkan requestreport
sound/player/vo/balkan/guardinghostageescapezone01.wav=balkan guardinghostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/balkan/requestreport03.wav=balkan requestreport
sound/player/vo/balkan/requestreport02.wav=balkan requestreport
sound/player/vo/balkan/requestreport04.wav=balkan requestreport
sound/player/vo/balkan/sniperkilled03.wav=balkan sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/balkan/sniperkilled01.wav=balkan sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/balkan/sniperkilled02.wav=balkan sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/balkan/sniperkilled04.wav=balkan sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/balkan/scaredemote06.wav=balkan scaredemote
sound/player/vo/balkan/scaredemote01.wav=balkan scaredemote
sound/player/vo/balkan/scaredemote04.wav=balkan scaredemote
sound/player/vo/balkan/scaredemote02.wav=balkan scaredemote
sound/player/vo/balkan/scaredemote05.wav=balkan scaredemote
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source51.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source110.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source68.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source141.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source114.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source115.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source113.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source61.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source136.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source72.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source62.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source117.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source139.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source69.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source03.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source15.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source09.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source11.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source12.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source130.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source93.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source71.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source147.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source96.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source145.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source134.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source146.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source119.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source67.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source120.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source135.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source02.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source65.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source98.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source140.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source76.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source99.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source04.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source50.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source49.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source118.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source95.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoguardhostages04.wav=balkan goingtoguardhostages
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source91.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_italy04.wav=balkan tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_italy02.wav=balkan tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/balkan/defendingbombsiteb04.wav=balkan defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_italy01.wav=balkan tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_italy06.wav=balkan tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_italy05.wav=balkan tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_death03.wav=balkan t death
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_death02.wav=balkan t death
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_death01.wav=balkan t death
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust07.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/preventescapebrag02.wav=balkan preventescapebrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust21.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust09.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust04.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust20.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust15.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust14.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust19.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust06.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust08.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust11.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_de_dust05.wav=balkan tmap de dust
sound/player/vo/balkan/sniperwarning01.wav=balkan sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/balkan/sniperwarning02.wav=balkan sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/balkan/onmyway01.wav=balkan onmyway
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_needbackup04.wav=balkan radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_needbackup01.wav=balkan radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_needbackup02.wav=balkan radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_decoy03.wav=balkan t decoy
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_decoy01.wav=balkan t decoy
sound/player/vo/balkan/blinded01.wav=balkan blinded
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_decoy02.wav=balkan t decoy
sound/player/vo/balkan/killedfriend02.wav=balkan killedfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/killedfriend01.wav=balkan killedfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/killedfriend03.wav=balkan killedfriend
sound/player/vo/balkan/niceshot04.wav=balkan niceshot
sound/player/vo/balkan/niceshot07.wav=balkan niceshot
sound/player/vo/balkan/niceshot03.wav=balkan niceshot
sound/player/vo/balkan/niceshot02.wav=balkan niceshot
sound/player/vo/balkan/niceshot08.wav=balkan niceshot
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoplantbomb02.wav=balkan goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/niceshot01.wav=balkan niceshot
sound/player/vo/balkan/niceshot06.wav=balkan niceshot
sound/player/vo/balkan/niceshot05.wav=balkan niceshot
sound/player/vo/balkan/coverme01.wav=balkan coverme
sound/player/vo/balkan/coverme02.wav=balkan coverme
sound/player/vo/balkan/coverme03.wav=balkan coverme
sound/player/vo/balkan/inposition02.wav=balkan inposition
sound/player/vo/balkan/inposition01.wav=balkan inposition
sound/player/vo/balkan/inposition03.wav=balkan inposition
sound/player/vo/balkan/onmyway03.wav=balkan onmyway
sound/player/vo/balkan/guardinghostageescapezone02.wav=balkan guardinghostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/balkan/sniperwarning03.wav=balkan sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_takingfire02.wav=balkan radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_takingfire03.wav=balkan radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/twoenemiesleft02.wav=balkan twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_takingfire04.wav=balkan radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_takingfire05.wav=balkan radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_takingfire07.wav=balkan radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagesbeingtaken04.wav=balkan hostagesbeingtaken
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagesbeingtaken03.wav=balkan hostagesbeingtaken
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagesbeingtaken02.wav=balkan hostagesbeingtaken
sound/player/vo/balkan/hostagesbeingtaken01.wav=balkan hostagesbeingtaken
sound/player/vo/balkan/guardinghostages04.wav=balkan guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/balkan/guardinghostages05.wav=balkan guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/balkan/guardinghostages01.wav=balkan guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/balkan/guardinghostages02.wav=balkan guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/balkan/heardnoise02.wav=balkan heardnoise
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_takingfire01.wav=balkan radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/defendingbombsitea02.wav=balkan defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/balkan/peptalk01.wav=balkan peptalk
sound/player/vo/balkan/lastmanstanding04.wav=balkan lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/balkan/peptalk03.wav=balkan peptalk
sound/player/vo/balkan/peptalk05.wav=balkan peptalk
sound/player/vo/balkan/peptalk06.wav=balkan peptalk
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoplantbomb03.wav=balkan goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/bombtickingdown02.wav=balkan bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/balkan/bombtickingdown01.wav=balkan bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotregroup02.wav=balkan radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/balkan/bombtickingdown03.wav=balkan bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/balkan/pinneddown03.wav=balkan pinneddown
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtodefendbombsite03.wav=balkan goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoplantbomb01.wav=balkan goingtoplantbomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoguardhostageescapezone03.wav=balkan goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_needbackup03.wav=balkan radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/balkan/guardinghostages03.wav=balkan guardinghostages
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotregroup01.wav=balkan radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/balkan/heardnoise03.wav=balkan heardnoise
sound/player/vo/balkan/defendingbombsiteb02.wav=balkan defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/balkan/defendingbombsiteb01.wav=balkan defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/balkan/defendingbombsitea01.wav=balkan defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/balkan/defendingbombsitea03.wav=balkan defendingbombsitea
sound/player/vo/balkan/negative01.wav=balkan negative
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotregroup03.wav=balkan radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/balkan/help04.wav=balkan help
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_death04.wav=balkan t death
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_flashbang01.wav=balkan t flashbang
sound/player/vo/balkan/agree01.wav=balkan agree
sound/player/vo/balkan/agree05.wav=balkan agree
sound/player/vo/balkan/agree02.wav=balkan agree
sound/player/vo/balkan/negative04.wav=balkan negative
sound/player/vo/balkan/agree06.wav=balkan agree
sound/player/vo/balkan/agree04.wav=balkan agree
sound/player/vo/balkan/agree03.wav=balkan agree
sound/player/vo/balkan/reportingin03.wav=balkan reportingin
sound/player/vo/balkan/negative02.wav=balkan negative
sound/player/vo/balkan/negative03.wav=balkan negative
sound/player/vo/balkan/preventescapebrag03.wav=balkan preventescapebrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/heardnoise01.wav=balkan heardnoise
sound/player/vo/balkan/preventescapebrag01.wav=balkan preventescapebrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/preventescapebrag04.wav=balkan preventescapebrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/twoenemiesleft03.wav=balkan twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/bombtickingdown04.wav=balkan bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/balkan/twoenemiesleft04.wav=balkan twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/twoenemiesleft01.wav=balkan twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/twoenemiesleft05.wav=balkan twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/oneenemyleft05.wav=balkan oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/oneenemyleft07.wav=balkan oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/oneenemyleft11.wav=balkan oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/oneenemyleft04.wav=balkan oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/oneenemyleft06.wav=balkan oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_grenade02.wav=balkan t grenade
sound/player/vo/balkan/blinded02.wav=balkan blinded
sound/player/vo/balkan/thanks04.wav=balkan thanks
sound/player/vo/balkan/blinded03.wav=balkan blinded
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_flashbang02.wav=balkan t flashbang
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_flashbang03.wav=balkan t flashbang
sound/player/vo/balkan/friendlyfire03.wav=balkan friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/friendlyfire02.wav=balkan friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/thanks01.wav=balkan thanks
sound/player/vo/balkan/friendlyfire01.wav=balkan friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/friendlyfire04.wav=balkan friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/pinneddown02.wav=balkan pinneddown
sound/player/vo/balkan/pinneddown01.wav=balkan pinneddown
sound/player/vo/balkan/pinneddown04.wav=balkan pinneddown
sound/player/vo/balkan/oneenemyleft10.wav=balkan oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_grenade01.wav=balkan t grenade
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_grenade04.wav=balkan t grenade
sound/player/vo/balkan/lostenemy02.wav=balkan lostenemy
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source133.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/lostenemy01.wav=balkan lostenemy
sound/player/vo/balkan/lostenemy04.wav=balkan lostenemy
sound/player/vo/balkan/lostenemy03.wav=balkan lostenemy
sound/player/vo/balkan/threeenemiesleft05.wav=balkan threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/threeenemiesleft03.wav=balkan threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/threeenemiesleft02.wav=balkan threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/plantingbomb02.wav=balkan plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/plantingbomb01.wav=balkan plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/plantingbomb04.wav=balkan plantingbomb
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendclean02.wav=balkan radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendclean04.wav=balkan radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendclean05.wav=balkan radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendclean03.wav=balkan radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_enemyspotted05.wav=balkan radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/balkan/defendingbombsiteb03.wav=balkan defendingbombsiteb
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtodefendbombsite02.wav=balkan goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtodefendbombsite04.wav=balkan goingtodefendbombsite
sound/player/vo/balkan/enemydown03.wav=balkan enemydown
sound/player/vo/balkan/reportingin02.wav=balkan reportingin
sound/player/vo/balkan/enemydown04.wav=balkan enemydown
sound/player/vo/balkan/enemydown05.wav=balkan enemydown
sound/player/vo/balkan/enemydown06.wav=balkan enemydown
sound/player/vo/balkan/enemydown07.wav=balkan enemydown
sound/player/vo/balkan/enemydown08.wav=balkan enemydown
sound/player/vo/balkan/enemydown09.wav=balkan enemydown
sound/player/vo/balkan/enemydown02.wav=balkan enemydown
sound/player/vo/balkan/enemydown01.wav=balkan enemydown
sound/player/vo/balkan/radiobotendclean01.wav=balkan radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoguardhostageescapezone01.wav=balkan goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_enemyspotted03.wav=balkan radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_enemyspotted02.wav=balkan radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/balkan/friendlyfire06.wav=balkan friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_enemyspotted06.wav=balkan radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_enemyspotted04.wav=balkan radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/balkan/oneenemyleft03.wav=balkan oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoguardhostageescapezone02.wav=balkan goingtoguardhostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/balkan/lastmanstanding03.wav=balkan lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/balkan/lastmanstanding05.wav=balkan lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/balkan/lastmanstanding02.wav=balkan lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_italy03.wav=balkan tmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/balkan/lastmanstanding01.wav=balkan lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/balkan/lastmanstanding06.wav=balkan lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_followme02.wav=balkan radio followme
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_followme03.wav=balkan radio followme
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_followme04.wav=balkan radio followme
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_followme01.wav=balkan radio followme
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_molotov04.wav=balkan t molotov
sound/player/vo/balkan/t_molotov02.wav=balkan t molotov
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoplantbombb02.wav=balkan goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoplantbombb01.wav=balkan goingtoplantbombb
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoplantbomba02.wav=balkan goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoplantbomba01.wav=balkan goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/balkan/goingtoplantbomba03.wav=balkan goingtoplantbomba
sound/player/vo/balkan/thanks03.wav=balkan thanks
sound/player/vo/balkan/thanks02.wav=balkan thanks
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source57.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag02.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag13.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag08.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag10.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag04.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag11.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag01.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag09.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag03.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag05.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/onarollbrag12.wav=balkan onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/balkan/waitinghere03.wav=balkan waitinghere
sound/player/vo/balkan/waitinghere02.wav=balkan waitinghere
sound/player/vo/balkan/waitinghere01.wav=balkan waitinghere
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_locknload02.wav=balkan radio locknload
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_locknload08.wav=balkan radio locknload
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_locknload06.wav=balkan radio locknload
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_locknload07.wav=balkan radio locknload
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_locknload04.wav=balkan radio locknload
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_locknload03.wav=balkan radio locknload
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_locknload01.wav=balkan radio locknload
sound/player/vo/balkan/radio_locknload10.wav=balkan radio locknload
sound/player/vo/balkan/guardinghostageescapezone03.wav=balkan guardinghostageescapezone
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_office02.wav=balkan tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_office03.wav=balkan tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_office01.wav=balkan tmap cs office
sound/player/vo/balkan/affirmative02.wav=balkan affirmative
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source05.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source109.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source77.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source55.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source131.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source66.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source10.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source92.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source13.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source14.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source70.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source97.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source111.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source06.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source78.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source132.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source56.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source148.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source94.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source01.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source116.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source112.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source138.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source137.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source63.wav=balkan tmap cs source
sound/player/vo/balkan/tmap_cs_source64.wav=balkan tmap cs source
realm=sas
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedloosebomb03.wav=sas spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedloosebomb02.wav=sas spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedloosebomb06.wav=sas spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedloosebomb01.wav=sas spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedloosebomb07.wav=sas spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedloosebomb05.wav=sas spottedloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobothold02.wav=sas radiobothold
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobothold01.wav=sas radiobothold
sound/player/vo/sas/oneenemyleft07.wav=sas oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/sas/oneenemyleft03.wav=sas oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/sas/oneenemyleft04.wav=sas oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/sas/oneenemyleft08.wav=sas oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/sas/oneenemyleft01.wav=sas oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/sas/oneenemyleft02.wav=sas oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/sas/oneenemyleft06.wav=sas oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/sas/oneenemyleft05.wav=sas oneenemyleft
sound/player/vo/sas/pinneddown07.wav=sas pinneddown
sound/player/vo/sas/pinneddown04.wav=sas pinneddown
sound/player/vo/sas/pinneddown01.wav=sas pinneddown
sound/player/vo/sas/pinneddown02.wav=sas pinneddown
sound/player/vo/sas/pinneddown06.wav=sas pinneddown
sound/player/vo/sas/pinneddown05.wav=sas pinneddown
sound/player/vo/sas/sniperwarning02.wav=sas sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/sas/sniperwarning01.wav=sas sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/sas/sniperwarning04.wav=sas sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/sas/sniperwarning03.wav=sas sniperwarning
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleftbomb03.wav=sas noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleftbomb01.wav=sas noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleftbomb05.wav=sas noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleftbomb02.wav=sas noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleftbomb04.wav=sas noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleftbomb07.wav=sas noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleftbomb06.wav=sas noenemiesleftbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_grenade01.wav=sas ct grenade
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_grenade04.wav=sas ct grenade
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_grenade03.wav=sas ct grenade
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_grenade05.wav=sas ct grenade
sound/player/vo/sas/followingfriend02.wav=sas followingfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/followingfriend01.wav=sas followingfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/followingfriend03.wav=sas followingfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/followingfriend06.wav=sas followingfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/coveringfriend02.wav=sas coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/coveringfriend01.wav=sas coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/coveringfriend04.wav=sas coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/coveringfriend03.wav=sas coveringfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclean02.wav=sas radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclean05.wav=sas radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclean06.wav=sas radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclean03.wav=sas radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclean01.wav=sas radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclean04.wav=sas radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedbomber01.wav=sas spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedbomber03.wav=sas spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedbomber04.wav=sas spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedbomber05.wav=sas spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/sas/spottedbomber02.wav=sas spottedbomber
sound/player/vo/sas/bombtickingdown05.wav=sas bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/sas/bombtickingdown01.wav=sas bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/sas/bombtickingdown04.wav=sas bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/sas/bombtickingdown03.wav=sas bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/sas/bombtickingdown02.wav=sas bombtickingdown
sound/player/vo/sas/coverme03.wav=sas coverme
sound/player/vo/sas/coverme01.wav=sas coverme
sound/player/vo/sas/coverme02.wav=sas coverme
sound/player/vo/sas/waitingforhumantodefusebomb01.wav=sas waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/waitingforhumantodefusebomb02.wav=sas waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/waitingforhumantodefusebomb04.wav=sas waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/waitingforhumantodefusebomb05.wav=sas waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source149.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source81.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.followme04.wav=sas radio followme
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.followme02.wav=sas radio followme
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.followme03.wav=sas radio followme
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.followme01.wav=sas radio followme
sound/player/vo/sas/disagree02.wav=sas disagree
sound/player/vo/sas/disagree06.wav=sas disagree
sound/player/vo/sas/disagree01.wav=sas disagree
sound/player/vo/sas/disagree05.wav=sas disagree
sound/player/vo/sas/affirmative02.wav=sas affirmative
sound/player/vo/sas/affirmative04.wav=sas affirmative
sound/player/vo/sas/affirmative01.wav=sas affirmative
sound/player/vo/sas/whereisthebomb01.wav=sas whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/affirmative03.wav=sas affirmative
sound/player/vo/sas/requestreport01.wav=sas requestreport
sound/player/vo/sas/requestreport02.wav=sas requestreport
sound/player/vo/sas/clearedarea01.wav=sas clearedarea
sound/player/vo/sas/requestreport03.wav=sas requestreport
sound/player/vo/sas/inposition03.wav=sas inposition
sound/player/vo/sas/inposition02.wav=sas inposition
sound/player/vo/sas/inposition01.wav=sas inposition
sound/player/vo/sas/help06.wav=help
sound/player/vo/sas/reportingin01.wav=sas reportingin
sound/player/vo/sas/reportingin02.wav=sas reportingin
sound/player/vo/sas/reportingin03.wav=sas reportingin
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotfallback01.wav=sas radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotfallback02.wav=sas radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotfallback03.wav=sas radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot09.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot06.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot03.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot07.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot12.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot02.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot11.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot01.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot08.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot05.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot10.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/niceshot04.wav=sas niceshot
sound/player/vo/sas/sniperkilled02.wav=sas sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/sas/sniperkilled01.wav=sas sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/sas/sniperkilled03.wav=sas sniperkilled
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotwait06.wav=sas radiobotwait
sound/player/vo/sas/waitinghere04.wav=sas waitinghere
sound/player/vo/sas/waitinghere03.wav=sas waitinghere
sound/player/vo/sas/waitinghere02.wav=sas waitinghere
sound/player/vo/sas/waitinghere01.wav=sas waitinghere
sound/player/vo/sas/blinded03.wav=sas blinded
sound/player/vo/sas/blinded04.wav=sas blinded
sound/player/vo/sas/friendlyfire09.wav=sas friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/sas/blinded01.wav=sas blinded
sound/player/vo/sas/blinded02.wav=sas blinded
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_smoke02.wav=sas ct smoke
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_smoke01.wav=sas ct smoke
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_smoke03.wav=sas ct smoke
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown10.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown02.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown08.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown05.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown15.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown04.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown14.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown01.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown03.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown11.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown13.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown07.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown09.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown06.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/enemydown12.wav=sas enemydown
sound/player/vo/sas/theypickedupthebomb03.wav=sas theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/theypickedupthebomb01.wav=sas theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source96.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.enemyspotted05.wav=sas radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.enemyspotted02.wav=sas radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/sas/heardnoise03.wav=sas heardnoise
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.enemyspotted04.wav=sas radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.enemyspotted01.wav=sas radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.enemyspotted08.wav=sas radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.enemyspotted07.wav=sas radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.enemyspotted06.wav=sas radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.enemyspotted03.wav=sas radio enemyspotted
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding07.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding06.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding08.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding02.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding10.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding09.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding03.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding04.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding05.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_bombexploding01.wav=sas ct bombexploding
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.needbackup03.wav=sas radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.needbackup02.wav=sas radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.needbackup01.wav=sas radio needbackup
sound/player/vo/sas/help03.wav=sas help
sound/player/vo/sas/help02.wav=sas help
sound/player/vo/sas/help01.wav=sas help
sound/player/vo/sas/help04.wav=sas help
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload14.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload08.wav=ui queued match start loading
sound/player/vo/sas/threeenemiesleft02.wav=sas threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/threeenemiesleft05.wav=sas threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/threeenemiesleft03.wav=sas threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/threeenemiesleft01.wav=sas threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/threeenemiesleft06.wav=sas threeenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/commanderdown01.wav=sas commanderdown
sound/player/vo/sas/commanderdown02.wav=sas commanderdown
sound/player/vo/sas/commanderdown03.wav=sas commanderdown
sound/player/vo/sas/goingtoguardloosebomb03.wav=sas goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/goingtoguardloosebomb01.wav=sas goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source82.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/scaredemote02.wav=sas scaredemote
sound/player/vo/sas/scaredemote04.wav=sas scaredemote
sound/player/vo/sas/scaredemote07.wav=sas scaredemote
sound/player/vo/sas/scaredemote08.wav=sas scaredemote
sound/player/vo/sas/scaredemote05.wav=sas scaredemote
sound/player/vo/sas/scaredemote01.wav=sas scaredemote
sound/player/vo/sas/scaredemote06.wav=sas scaredemote
sound/player/vo/sas/scaredemote03.wav=sas scaredemote
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendsolid06.wav=sas radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendsolid02.wav=sas radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendsolid05.wav=sas radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendsolid01.wav=sas radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendsolid04.wav=sas radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendsolid07.wav=sas radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendsolid03.wav=sas radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.takingfire02.wav=sas radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.takingfire04.wav=sas radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.takingfire03.wav=sas radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.takingfire06.wav=sas radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.takingfire01.wav=sas radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.takingfire05.wav=sas radio takingfire
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_decoy03.wav=sas ct decoy
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_decoy02.wav=sas ct decoy
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_decoy01.wav=sas ct decoy
sound/player/vo/sas/negative01.wav=sas negative
sound/player/vo/sas/negative06.wav=sas negative
sound/player/vo/sas/negative02.wav=sas negative
sound/player/vo/sas/negative03.wav=sas negative
sound/player/vo/sas/negative04.wav=sas negative
sound/player/vo/sas/negative05.wav=sas negative
sound/player/vo/sas/lostenemy03.wav=sas lostenemy
sound/player/vo/sas/lostenemy02.wav=sas lostenemy
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload07.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/twoenemiesleft01.wav=sas twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/twoenemiesleft04.wav=sas twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/twoenemiesleft03.wav=sas twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/twoenemiesleft05.wav=sas twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/twoenemiesleft02.wav=sas twoenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag06.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag11.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag03.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag04.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag02.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag13.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag01.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag14.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag12.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag10.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag05.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag08.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag09.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/onarollbrag07.wav=sas onarollbrag
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotregroup03.wav=sas radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotregroup01.wav=sas radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotregroup02.wav=sas radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/sas/friendlyfire05.wav=sas friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/sas/friendlyfire06.wav=sas friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/sas/friendlyfire08.wav=sas friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/sas/friendlyfire07.wav=sas friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/sas/friendlyfire01.wav=sas friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/sas/friendlyfire02.wav=sas friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source142.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source03.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source19.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source115.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/goingtoguardloosebomb02.wav=sas goingtoguardloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source26.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source34.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source69.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source100.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source136.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source63.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source152.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source148.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source07.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source79.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source163.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source94.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source40.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source25.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source11.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source08.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source104.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source18.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source158.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source52.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source71.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source85.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source44.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source33.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source114.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source78.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source10.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source02.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source127.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source37.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/agree02.wav=sas agree
sound/player/vo/sas/lastmanstanding03.wav=sas lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/sas/lastmanstanding02.wav=sas lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/sas/lastmanstanding06.wav=sas lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/sas/lastmanstanding08.wav=sas lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/sas/lastmanstanding07.wav=sas lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/sas/lastmanstanding05.wav=sas lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/sas/lastmanstanding01.wav=sas lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/sas/lastmanstanding04.wav=sas lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/sas/lastmanstanding09.wav=sas lastmanstanding
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_flashbang03.wav=sas ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_flashbang02.wav=sas ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_flashbang01.wav=sas ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload04.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload06.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload11.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload17.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload02.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload16.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/guardingloosebomb03.wav=sas guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload20.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload21.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload09.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload10.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload03.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload19.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload05.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload13.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload15.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/bombsiteclear02.wav=sas bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/sas/whereisthebomb04.wav=sas whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/whereisthebomb02.wav=sas whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_molotov01.wav=sas ct molotov
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclose04.wav=sas radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.letsgo03.wav=sas radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source126.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobottime03.wav=sas radiobottime
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobottime02.wav=sas radiobottime
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_death06.wav=sas ct death
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_death01.wav=sas ct death
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_death05.wav=sas ct death
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_death04.wav=sas ct death
sound/player/vo/sas/incombat04.wav=sas incombat
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_death02.wav=sas ct death
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.letsgo02.wav=sas radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/sas/thanks02.wav=sas thanks
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.letsgo07.wav=sas radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotquery01.wav=sas radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.letsgo01.wav=sas radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload18.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.letsgo05.wav=sas radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/sas/bombsiteclear03.wav=sas bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/sas/incombat02.wav=sas incombat
sound/player/vo/sas/incombat08.wav=sas incombat
sound/player/vo/sas/incombat06.wav=sas incombat
sound/player/vo/sas/incombat07.wav=sas incombat
sound/player/vo/sas/incombat05.wav=sas incombat
sound/player/vo/sas/incombat03.wav=sas incombat
sound/player/vo/sas/incombat09.wav=sas incombat
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_molotov04.wav=sas ct molotov
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_molotov02.wav=sas ct molotov
sound/player/vo/sas/peptalk04.wav=sas peptalk
sound/player/vo/sas/whereisthebomb03.wav=sas whereisthebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_molotov03.wav=sas ct molotov
sound/player/vo/sas/onmyway03.wav=sas onmyway
sound/player/vo/sas/incombat01.wav=sas incombat
sound/player/vo/sas/peptalk06.wav=sas peptalk
sound/player/vo/sas/peptalk01.wav=sas peptalk
sound/player/vo/sas/thanks01.wav=sas thanks
sound/player/vo/sas/thanks04.wav=sas thanks
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleft05.wav=sas noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleft02.wav=sas noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleft03.wav=sas noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/bombsiteclear01.wav=sas bombsiteclear
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleft04.wav=sas noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/noenemiesleft01.wav=sas noenemiesleft
sound/player/vo/sas/onmyway01.wav=sas onmyway
sound/player/vo/sas/onmyway04.wav=sas onmyway
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source153.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/onmyway02.wav=sas onmyway
sound/player/vo/sas/defusingbomb01.wav=sas defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/defusingbomb04.wav=sas defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/defusingbomb03.wav=sas defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/defusingbomb02.wav=sas defusingbomb
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobottime01.wav=sas radiobottime
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclose01.wav=sas radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclose05.wav=sas radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.letsgo06.wav=sas radio letsgo
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclose06.wav=sas radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclose03.wav=sas radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/sas/lostenemy01.wav=sas lostenemy
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload01.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/radio.locknload12.wav=sas radio locknload
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source159.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source41.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source107.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source22.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source30.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source76.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source53.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source139.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source88.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source64.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source16.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source91.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/waitingforhumantodefusebomb03.wav=sas waitingforhumantodefusebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ct_death03.wav=sas ct death
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source72.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source101.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source87.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source38.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source55.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source28.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source45.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source129.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source60.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source12.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source118.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source99.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source27.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source83.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/clearedarea02.wav=sas clearedarea
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source89.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source54.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source46.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source123.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source39.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source112.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source23.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source77.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source106.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source61.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source50.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source42.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/theypickedupthebomb02.wav=sas theypickedupthebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source57.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source17.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source154.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source73.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source119.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source01.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source36.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source58.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source134.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source156.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source13.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source160.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source75.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source144.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source48.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source24.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source51.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source65.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source109.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source35.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source117.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source04.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source131.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source32.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source165.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source130.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source15.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/guardingloosebomb01.wav=sas guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source140.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source124.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source68.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source157.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source05.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source20.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source74.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source66.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source59.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source103.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source145.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source97.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source49.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source137.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source111.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source14.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source121.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source56.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source162.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source06.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/agree01.wav=sas agree
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source43.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source62.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source93.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source21.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source31.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source67.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source133.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source147.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source29.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source09.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source70.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/ctmap_cs_source151.wav=sas ctmap cs source
sound/player/vo/sas/killedfriend10.wav=sas killedfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/killedfriend03.wav=sas killedfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/killedfriend02.wav=sas killedfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/killedfriend07.wav=sas killedfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/killedfriend08.wav=sas killedfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/killedfriend01.wav=sas killedfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/killedfriend06.wav=sas killedfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/killedfriend05.wav=sas killedfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/killedfriend04.wav=sas killedfriend
sound/player/vo/sas/radiobotendclose02.wav=sas radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/sas/guardingloosebomb02.wav=sas guardingloosebomb
sound/player/vo/sas/agree04.wav=sas agree
sound/player/vo/sas/agree03.wav=sas agree
sound/player/vo/sas/heardnoise02.wav=sas heardnoise
sound/player/vo/sas/heardnoise01.wav=sas heardnoise
sound/player/vo/sas/clearedarea04.wav=sas clearedarea
sound/player/vo/sas/clearedarea03.wav=sas clearedarea
sound/player/vo/sas/clearedarea05.wav=sas clearedarea
sound/player/vo/sas/friendlyfire03.wav=sas friendlyfire
sound/player/vo/sas/friendlyfire04.wav=sas friendlyfire
realm=playonce
sound/ambient/playonce/machines/aircraft_distant_flyby3.wav=aircraft distant flyby
sound/ambient/playonce/water/water_pump_drainin1.wav=water flood in
sound/ambient/playonce/weather/thunder6.wav=thunder
sound/ambient/playonce/overhead/hel2.wav=hel
sound/ambient/playonce/weather/thunder5.wav=thunder
sound/ambient/playonce/weather/thunder4.wav=thunder
sound/ambient/playonce/machines/train_freight_loop1.wav=train move
sound/ambient/playonce/overhead/helicopter_flyby_05.wav=helicopter flyby
sound/ambient/playonce/machines/train_pass_far.wav=train pass far
sound/ambient/playonce/tones/pipes.wav=pipes
sound/ambient/playonce/misc/crane_move1.wav=crane move
sound/ambient/playonce/weather/thunder_distant_06.wav=thunder distant
sound/ambient/playonce/weather/thunder_distant_02.wav=thunder distant
sound/ambient/playonce/weather/thunder_distant_01.wav=thunder distant
sound/ambient/playonce/machines/heli_pass_distant1.wav=heli pass distant
sound/ambient/playonce/machines/refrigerator.wav=refrigerator
sound/ambient/playonce/overhead/hel1.wav=hel
sound/ambient/playonce/misc/garbage_truck1.wav=garbage truck
sound/ambient/playonce/office/officenews.wav=cs office radio
sound/ambient/playonce/misc/truck_drive1.wav=truck drive
sound/ambient/playonce/misc/truck_drive2.wav=truck drive
sound/ambient/playonce/overhead/plane3.wav=plane
sound/ambient/playonce/misc/truck_backup1.wav=truck backup
sound/ambient/playonce/tones/pipes2.wav=pipes
sound/ambient/playonce/machines/heli_pass_quick1.wav=heli pass
sound/ambient/playonce/overhead/helicopter_flyby_04.wav=helicopter flyby
sound/ambient/playonce/overhead/helicopter_flyby_03.wav=helicopter flyby
sound/ambient/playonce/overhead/bank_airplane_01.wav=bank airplane
sound/ambient/playonce/overhead/bank_airplane_02.wav=bank airplane
sound/ambient/playonce/machines/train_pass_2.wav=train pass
sound/ambient/playonce/machines/train_pass_1.wav=train pass
sound/ambient/playonce/machines/train_pass_3.wav=train pass
realm=tones
sound/ambient/tones/projector.wav=projector
sound/ambient/tones/steam_loop1.wav=steam loop
sound/ambient/tones/tunnel_wind_loop.wav=tunnel wind loop
sound/ambient/tones/under1.wav=under
sound/ambient/tones/fan2_loop.wav=fan loop
sound/ambient/tones/under2.wav=under
sound/ambient/tones/industrial2_loop.wav=industrial loop
sound/ambient/tones/industrial3_loop.wav=industrial loop
sound/ambient/tones/industrial1_loop.wav=industrial loop
sound/ambient/tones/office_room_tone_01.wav=office room tone
sound/ambient/tones/fan1.wav=fan
sound/ambient/tones/floor2.wav=floor
sound/ambient/tones/floor1.wav=floor
sound/ambient/tones/office_garage_tone_02.wav=office garage tone
sound/ambient/tones/floor3.wav=floor
sound/ambient/tones/garage.wav=garage
sound/ambient/tones/roomtone2.wav=roomtone
sound/ambient/tones/roomtone1.wav=roomtone
sound/ambient/tones/roomtone3.wav=roomtone
sound/ambient/tones/office_room_tone_02.wav=office room tone
sound/ambient/tones/elev1.wav=elev
sound/ambient/tones/office_garage_tone_01.wav=office garage tone
sound/ambient/tones/elev3.wav=elev
sound/ambient/tones/equip5.wav=equip
sound/ambient/tones/elev2.wav=elev
sound/ambient/tones/elev4.wav=elev
sound/ambient/tones/equip4.wav=equip
sound/ambient/tones/lab_loop1.wav=lab loop
sound/ambient/tones/equip3.wav=equip
sound/ambient/tones/equip1.wav=equip
sound/ambient/tones/equip2.wav=equip
realm=swat
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesthere01.wav=swat radiobothostagesthere
sound/player/vo/swat/ctbomb_dropped03.wav=swat ctbomb dropped
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotstart03.wav=swat radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_molotov04.wav=swat ct molotov
sound/player/vo/swat/waitinghere01.wav=swat waitinghere
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsenegative06.wav=swat radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponseattacking01.wav=swat radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsecoverrequest02.wav=swat radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotquery03.wav=swat radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotquery02.wav=swat radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotquery01.wav=swat radiobotquery
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombspot04.wav=swat radiobotbombspot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombspot02.wav=swat radiobotbombspot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombspot03.wav=swat radiobotbombspot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombspot01.wav=swat radiobotbombspot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotcoverdefuse01.wav=swat radiobotcoverdefuse
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotcoverdefuse03.wav=swat radiobotcoverdefuse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank36.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/coverme01.wav=swat coverme
sound/player/vo/swat/coverme02.wav=swat coverme
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsecoverrequest01.wav=swat radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsecoverrequest04.wav=swat radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsecoverrequest03.wav=swat radiobotreponsecoverrequest
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfallback02.wav=swat radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfallback04.wav=swat radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfallback03.wav=swat radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfallback01.wav=swat radiobotfallback
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowyou01.wav=swat radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowyou02.wav=swat radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowyou04.wav=swat radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowyou03.wav=swat radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowyou05.wav=swat radiobotfollowyou
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse05.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse21.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse20.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse15.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse04.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse09.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse14.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse08.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse06.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse22.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse07.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_boathouse16.wav=swat ctmap de boathouse
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire02.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesescort02.wav=swat radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire06.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire11.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank20.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesshot03.wav=swat radiobothostagesshot
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank35.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank27.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank09.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank31.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank33.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank21.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank10.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotcoverdefuse02.wav=swat radiobotcoverdefuse
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank12.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank15.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank18.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank11.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank22.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank13.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank01.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank28.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotclear04.wav=swat radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotclear01.wav=swat radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotclear03.wav=swat radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotclear02.wav=swat radiobotclear
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office21.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office35.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office20.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office10.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office17.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office06.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office19.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office37.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office05.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office18.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office36.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobombsite01.wav=swat radiobombsite
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotniceshot06.wav=swat radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotniceshot04.wav=swat radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotniceshot01.wav=swat radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotniceshot05.wav=swat radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotniceshot02.wav=swat radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotniceshot03.wav=swat radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotniceshot07.wav=swat radiobotniceshot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesready03.wav=swat radiobothostagesready
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesready02.wav=swat radiobothostagesready
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobottarget07.wav=swat radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobottarget06.wav=swat radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfirefriendly03.wav=swat radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfirefriendly02.wav=swat radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfirefriendly01.wav=swat radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendclose01.wav=swat radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office04.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotdefusing04.wav=swat radiobotdefusing
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotdefusing01.wav=swat radiobotdefusing
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotdefusing02.wav=swat radiobotdefusing
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotdefusing03.wav=swat radiobotdefusing
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotdefusing05.wav=swat radiobotdefusing
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendclose04.wav=swat radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfirefriendly04.wav=swat radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendclose02.wav=swat radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendclose03.wav=swat radiobotendclose
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowme05.wav=swat radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowme02.wav=swat radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponseattacking02.wav=swat radiobotreponseattacking
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy41.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothear02.wav=swat radiobothear
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy22.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy47.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowme03.wav=swat radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowme04.wav=swat radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy24.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy33.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_office22.wav=swat ctmap cs office
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy46.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy32.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy42.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy23.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy31.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfiresniper01.wav=swat radiobotunderfiresniper
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotpostflash02.wav=swat radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotpostflash03.wav=swat radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkill07.wav=swat radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsepositive03.wav=swat radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house20.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy48.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillsniper01.wav=swat radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotgo04.wav=swat radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotgo02.wav=swat radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfiresniper02.wav=swat radiobotunderfiresniper
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfiresniper03.wav=swat radiobotunderfiresniper
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotgo03.wav=swat radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_smoke03.wav=swat ct smoke
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_smoke01.wav=swat ct smoke
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy12.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotcheer04.wav=swat radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotcheer06.wav=swat radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotcheer01.wav=swat radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotcheer05.wav=swat radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotcheer02.wav=swat radiobotcheer
sound/player/vo/swat/inposition01.wav=swat inposition
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesshot01.wav=swat radiobothostagesshot
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesshot02.wav=swat radiobothostagesshot
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house07.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house09.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house06.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house17.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house03.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_cs_italy40.wav=swat ctmap cs italy
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house08.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house19.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house05.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house02.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotpostflash01.wav=swat radiobotpostflash
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotquerybomb03.wav=swat radiobotquerybomb
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house18.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house04.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house01.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_house10.wav=swat ctmap de house
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsepositive04.wav=swat radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsepositive01.wav=swat radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsepositive02.wav=swat radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsepositive05.wav=swat radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/swat/reportingin01.wav=swat reportingin
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsepositive06.wav=swat radiobotreponsepositive
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_decoy02.wav=swat ct decoy
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotquerybomb01.wav=swat radiobotquerybomb
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotquerybomb02.wav=swat radiobotquerybomb
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank30.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank08.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank17.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_smoke02.wav=swat ct smoke
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank29.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank02.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank34.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank03.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank14.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank16.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotguardbombkill01.wav=swat radiobotguardbombkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotguardbombkill02.wav=swat radiobotguardbombkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotguardbombkill03.wav=swat radiobotguardbombkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire01.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount16.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount09.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount07.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount02.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount12.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount20.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount04.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount14.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount03.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount19.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount21.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount05.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount15.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount22.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillcount08.wav=swat radiobotkillcount
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotgo05.wav=swat radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillsniper03.wav=swat radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotgo01.wav=swat radiobotgo
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkillsniper02.wav=swat radiobotkillsniper
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotfollowme01.wav=swat radiobotfollowme
sound/player/vo/swat/ctmap_de_bank32.wav=swat ctmap de bank
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotregroup03.wav=swat radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotregroup02.wav=swat radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotregroup01.wav=swat radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendsolid01.wav=swat radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_grenade06.wav=swat ct grenade
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_grenade05.wav=swat ct grenade
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombatsafe01.wav=swat radiobotbombatsafe
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_grenade01.wav=swat ct grenade
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_grenade04.wav=swat ct grenade
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_death01.wav=swat ct death
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_death06.wav=swat ct death
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobottarget01.wav=swat radiobottarget
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_death05.wav=swat ct death
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_death04.wav=swat ct death
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_death03.wav=swat ct death
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_death07.wav=swat ct death
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_death02.wav=swat ct death
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendsolid03.wav=swat radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotregroup04.wav=swat radiobotregroup
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendsolid02.wav=swat radiobotendsolid
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesescort03.wav=swat radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesescort01.wav=swat radiobothostagesescort
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponseomw03.wav=swat radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponseomw02.wav=swat radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponseomw01.wav=swat radiobotreponseomw
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfirefriendly05.wav=swat radiobotunderfirefriendly
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothear01.wav=swat radiobothear
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothear03.wav=swat radiobothear
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotguarding05.wav=swat radiobotguarding
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotguarding04.wav=swat radiobotguarding
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreport02.wav=swat radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreport01.wav=swat radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreport03.wav=swat radiobotreport
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_molotov01.wav=swat ct molotov
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendclean01.wav=swat radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_molotov02.wav=swat ct molotov
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_molotov03.wav=swat ct molotov
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobottime03.wav=swat radiobottime
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobottime02.wav=swat radiobottime
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobottime01.wav=swat radiobottime
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_flashbang02.wav=swat ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_flashbang01.wav=swat ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_flashbang03.wav=swat ct flashbang
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothold03.wav=swat radiobothold
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothold02.wav=swat radiobothold
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothold01.wav=swat radiobothold
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_decoy01.wav=swat ct decoy
sound/player/vo/swat/ct_decoy03.wav=swat ct decoy
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombpick02.wav=swat radiobotbombpick
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombpick03.wav=swat radiobotbombpick
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombpick01.wav=swat radiobotbombpick
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesready01.wav=swat radiobothostagesready
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombatsafe03.wav=swat radiobotbombatsafe
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotbombatsafe02.wav=swat radiobotbombatsafe
sound/player/vo/swat/ctbomb_dropped01.wav=swat ctbomb dropped
sound/player/vo/swat/ctbomb_dropped02.wav=swat ctbomb dropped
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotstart04.wav=swat radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotstart01.wav=swat radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotstart05.wav=swat radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotstart02.wav=swat radiobotstart
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkill03.wav=swat radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkill06.wav=swat radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkill02.wav=swat radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkill01.wav=swat radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkill05.wav=swat radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkill04.wav=swat radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotkill08.wav=swat radiobotkill
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendclean03.wav=swat radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotendclean02.wav=swat radiobotendclean
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsenegative07.wav=swat radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsenegative05.wav=swat radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsenegative08.wav=swat radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsenegative09.wav=swat radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsenegative10.wav=swat radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsenegative03.wav=swat radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsenegative02.wav=swat radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotreponsenegative01.wav=swat radiobotreponsenegative
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobothostagesthere03.wav=swat radiobothostagesthere
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire12.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire07.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire08.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire03.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire04.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire13.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire14.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire09.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire10.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
sound/player/vo/swat/radiobotunderfire05.wav=swat radiobotunderfire
realm=machines
sound/ambient/machines/diesel_1.wav=de bank truckidle
sound/ambient/machines/air_conditioner_loop_1.wav=air conditioner loop
sound/ambient/machines/hydraulic_1.wav=hydraulic
sound/ambient/machines/train_freight_loop2.wav=train freight loop
sound/ambient/machines/fluorescent_hum_2.wav=fluorescent hum
sound/ambient/machines/big_truck.wav=big truck
sound/ambient/machines/zap1.wav=zap
sound/ambient/machines/aztec_generator_lp.wav=de aztec generator
sound/ambient/machines/aircraft_distant_flyby1.wav=aircraft distant flyby
sound/ambient/machines/floodgate_stop1.wav=floodgate stop
sound/ambient/machines/power_transformer_loop_2.wav=de bank generator
sound/ambient/machines/truck_idle_lp_01.wav=de bank truckidle
sound/ambient/machines/razor_train_wheels_loop1.wav=train wheels
sound/ambient/machines/amb_bank_air_conditioner.wav=amb bank air conditioner
sound/ambient/machines/ticktock.wav=ticktock
sound/ambient/machines/steam_release_1.wav=steam release
sound/ambient/machines/pipes_active_loop.wav=pipes active loop
sound/ambient/machines/pump_loop_1.wav=pump loop
sound/ambient/machines/steam_release_2.wav=steam release
sound/ambient/machines/power_transformer_loop_1.wav=de aztec light
sound/ambient/machines/air_conditioner_cycle.wav=air conditioner cycle
sound/ambient/machines/deep_boil.wav=deep boil
sound/ambient/machines/truck_drive_by_02.wav=truck drive by
sound/ambient/machines/lab_loop1.wav=lab loop
sound/ambient/machines/train_overpass.wav=de overpass train
sound/ambient/machines/truck_drive_by_01.wav=truck drive by
sound/ambient/machines/floodgate_move_short1.wav=floodgate move short
sound/ambient/machines/truck_drive_by_03.wav=truck drive by
sound/ambient/machines/squeak_4.wav=squeak
sound/ambient/machines/squeak_6.wav=squeak
sound/ambient/machines/train_wheels_loop1.wav=train wheels loop
sound/ambient/machines/refinery_loop_1.wav=refinery loop
sound/ambient/machines/squeak_5.wav=squeak
sound/ambient/machines/squeak_8.wav=squeak
sound/ambient/machines/squeak_7.wav=squeak
sound/ambient/machines/squeak_3.wav=squeak
sound/ambient/machines/wall_ambient1.wav=doors move
sound/ambient/machines/zap2.wav=zap
sound/ambient/machines/gas_loop_1.wav=gas loop
sound/ambient/machines/courtyard_mach_loop.wav=courtyard mach loop
sound/ambient/machines/wall_move5.wav=doors move
sound/ambient/machines/squeak_2.wav=squeak
sound/ambient/machines/zap3.wav=zap
sound/ambient/machines/turbine_loop_1.wav=de bank ac unit
sound/ambient/machines/electrical_hum_2.wav=electrical hum
sound/ambient/machines/office_garage_vent_01.wav=office garage vent
sound/ambient/machines/laundry_machine1_amb.wav=laundry machine amb
sound/ambient/machines/train_horn_3.wav=train horn
sound/ambient/machines/train_horn_1.wav=train horn
sound/ambient/machines/train_horn_2.wav=train horn
sound/ambient/machines/combine_terminal_idle1.wav=combine terminal idle
sound/ambient/machines/combine_terminal_idle4.wav=combine terminal idle
sound/ambient/machines/combine_terminal_idle3.wav=combine terminal idle
sound/ambient/machines/thumper_dust.wav=thumper dust
sound/ambient/machines/combine_terminal_idle2.wav=combine terminal idle
sound/ambient/machines/steam_loop_01.wav=steam loop
sound/ambient/machines/engine1.wav=engine
sound/ambient/machines/machine2.wav=machine
sound/ambient/machines/60hzhum.wav=hzhum
sound/ambient/machines/turbine_loop_2.wav=turbine loop
sound/ambient/machines/train_overpass2.wav=de overpass train
sound/ambient/machines/train_overpass3.wav=de overpass train
sound/ambient/machines/train_overpass4.wav=de overpass train
sound/ambient/machines/fluorescent_hum_1.wav=fluorescent hum
sound/ambient/machines/wall_move4.wav=doors move